IETF | Internet Architecture Board


Search Go Search Search News & blog Blog News IESG Statements Contact Search Search Tools Quick links IETF Datatracker Email list archive search IETF 101 London WG chair resources About Mission and principles Who we are Groups Participate in the IETF Support the IETF Topics of interest Automated network management The Internet of Things New transport technology IETF Areas How we work Working groups Email lists Meetings and events Running code Online tools Community discussions Internet standards RFCs Internet-Drafts Intellectual property rights Standards process News & blogs Blog News IESG Statements Contact Search Search Tools Quick links IETF Datatracker Email list archive search IETF 101 London WG chair resources About Groups Internet Architecture Board The Internet Architecture Board provides long-range technical direction for Internet standards, ensuring the Internet continues to grow and evolve as a platform for global communication and innovation. In this section Hide in this section Groups Internet Engineering Steering Group Internet Architecture Board Internet Research Task Force IETF Administration and Operations Committee IETF Trust Nominations Committee Tools Team Directorates Key Info The Internet Architecture Board (IAB) is a committee of the Internet Engineering Task Force. Its responsibilities include: IESG Confirmation: The IAB confirms the IETF Chair and IESG Area Directors, from nominations provided by the IETF Nominating Committee. Architectural Oversight: The IAB provides oversight of, and occasional commentary on, aspects of the architecture for the protocols and procedures used by the Internet. Standards Process Oversight and Appeal: The IAB provides oversight of the process used to create Internet Standards. The IAB serves as an appeal board for complaints of improper execution of the standards process through acting as an appeal body in respect of an IESG standards decision. RFC Series and IANA: The IAB is responsible for editorial management and publication of the Request for Comments (RFC) document series, and for administration of the assignment of IETF Protocol parameter values by the IETF Internet Assigned Numbers Authority (IANA). External Liaison: The IAB acts as representative of the interests of the IETF in liaison relationships with other organizations concerned with standards and other technical and organizational issues relevant to the world-wide Internet. Advice to ISOC: The IAB acts as a source of advice and guidance to the Board of Trustees and Officers of the Internet Society concerning technical, architectural, procedural, and (where appropriate) policy matters pertaining to the Internet and its enabling technologies.IRTF Chair: The IAB selects a chair of the Internet Research Task Force (IRTF) for a renewable two year term. See the IAB website for more information. The IAB can be contacted by email at iab@iab.org. RFC Editor IANA IAB IAOC IRTF IETF Trust Secretariat: AMS ISOC Privacy policy Website feedback