IETF | How to start in the IETF.


Search Go Search Search News & blog Blog News IESG Statements Contact Search Search Tools Quick links IETF Datatracker Email list archive search IETF 101 London WG chair resources About Mission and principles Who we are Groups Participate in the IETF Support the IETF Topics of interest Automated network management The Internet of Things New transport technology IETF Areas How we work Working groups Email lists Meetings and events Running code Online tools Community discussions Internet standards RFCs Internet-Drafts Intellectual property rights Standards process News & blogs Blog News IESG Statements Contact Search Search Tools Quick links IETF Datatracker Email list archive search IETF 101 London WG chair resources About Participate in the IETF Getting Started in the IETF How to Start A good technique for newcomers is to decide on one or two (not more!) WGs whose topics are interesting or relevant, and join their mailing lists. In this section Hide in this section Getting Started in the IETF How to Start Attending Meetings IETF Official Documents Resources Appendix: Where do RFCs come from? Key Info A good technique for newcomers is to decide on one or two (not more!) WGs whose topics are interesting or relevant, and join their mailing lists. If a WG is in an active phase of discussion, you may well receive tens of message a day from each list. You need to be using a mail program with a good method of automatically sorting incoming mail into multiple inboxes. Once you have that working, simply read the mail threads daily, and read any draft documents that they refer to. (See the next section for hints on how to find particular drafts.) It's advisable to wait several weeks before starting to contribute to the mailing list. But when you feel comfortable that you have something new to say, go for it! The IETF is normally very welcoming to newcomers, and tolerance is the rule. The technical level is quite high, so if you write something that turns out to be wrong, you may get some quite frank replies. Or sometimes you will get a reply from someone whose first language is not English, and they can be rude without intending it. (If someone is seriously offensive, the WG Chairs are supposed to deal with it.) Don't be discouraged; everybody started as a newcomer. Mentoring Program If you are just getting started in the IETF, you may be interested in the IETF Mentoring Program. This program matches experienced IETF participants with newcomers in order to aid their integration into the IETF community through advice, help, and collected wisdom. The guidance provided by the mentors should speed up the time it takes for newcomers to become active, contributing members of the IETF. RFC Editor IANA IAB IAOC IRTF IETF Trust Secretariat: AMS ISOC Privacy policy Website feedback