IETF | Technical tutorials


Search Go Search Search News & blog Blog News IESG Statements Contact Search Search Tools Quick links IETF Datatracker Email list archive search IETF 101 London WG chair resources About Mission and principles Who we are Groups Participate in the IETF Support the IETF Topics of interest Automated network management The Internet of Things New transport technology IETF Areas How we work Working groups Email lists Meetings and events Running code Online tools Community discussions Internet standards RFCs Internet-Drafts Intellectual property rights Standards process News & blogs Blog News IESG Statements Contact Search Search Tools Quick links IETF Datatracker Email list archive search IETF 101 London WG chair resources About Participate in the IETF Tutorials Technical tutorials Technical tutorials cover a wide range of topics of interest to IETF participants and relevant to work underway within the IETF. These tutorials cover topics across all IETF Areas, and include related technical work underway in other standard organizations, such as the IEEE. Concise Binary Object Representation (CBOR) This tutorial provides a quick overview over Concise Binary Object Representation (CBOR), styles of designing with CBOR, and the CBOR data definition language (CDDL). Introduction to the IETF ICE/TURN/STUN set of RFCs This tutorial provides.a high level overview of IETF RFCs related to Voice-Over-IP Internet measurement and monitoring This tutorial discusses several IETF WGs that are working on Internet measurement and monitoring, including which parts of the network they focus on. Network configuration management with NETCONF and YANG This tutorial introduces configuration management requirements and will then give an overview of the NETCONF Protocol, the YANG Data Modeling Language and the IETF data configuration models. PRECIS & i18n This tutorial explains I18N background in IETF and framework to internationalize strings in protocols. Wireless links; properties, challenges, solutions, and implications This tutorial explains the concepts behind the design of wireless protocols, and the range of solutions, along with the implication that these properties have on other layers. IEEE 802 wireless This tutorial focuses on IEEE 802.11 Wireless LAN (Local Area Network) and IEEE 802.15 Wireless PAN (Personal Area Network) standards, presenting the latest developments in these areas as well as the areas of interaction with the work done in the IETF. Emerging work in IEEE 802 This tutorial focuses on some emerging efforts in IEEE 802.1 on IEEE 802 Privacy and Addressing, which encompass multiple medium access technologies. Introduction to centralized AAA management for distributed IP networks This tutorial offers an overview of RADIUS and Diameter, two IETF protocols, along with their similarities and differences. RFC Editor IANA IAB IAOC IRTF IETF Trust Secretariat: AMS ISOC Privacy policy Website feedback