IETF | Resources for Getting Started in the IETF.


Search Go Search Search News & blog Blog News IESG Statements Contact Search Search Tools Quick links IETF Datatracker Email list archive search IETF 101 London WG chair resources About Mission and principles Who we are Groups Participate in the IETF Support the IETF Topics of interest Automated network management The Internet of Things New transport technology IETF Areas How we work Working groups Email lists Meetings and events Running code Online tools Community discussions Internet standards RFCs Internet-Drafts Intellectual property rights Standards process News & blogs Blog News IESG Statements Contact Search Search Tools Quick links IETF Datatracker Email list archive search IETF 101 London WG chair resources About Participate in the IETF Getting Started in the IETF Resources Here are some other resources to help you get started in the IETF. In this section Hide in this section Getting Started in the IETF How to Start Attending Meetings IETF Official Documents Resources Appendix: Where do RFCs come from? Key Info The Tao of the IETF The Tao of the IETF is a must read document. If you read nothing else, read this. It's a very thorough introduction to the IETF. IETF Tutorials These provide overviews of the tools and processes used by the IETF, technical areas of interest to IETF participants, and updates on the work underway in the IETF Areas. The Glossary This explains a number of the acronyms and terms that you may see and hear. The list of Working Groups This includes links to their charters. In each charter, there are links to all drafts currently discussed by the WG and to all RFCs that the WG has produced. Also, there are instructions on how to join each WG mailing list. Photo directory of Working Group chairs This is very helpful if you want to find a particular chair to ask questions or discuss an issue. The official Note Well This statement makes it clear that the rules apply to you personally, as an IETF participant. The IETF Newcomers' Tutorial This provides introductions to a number of aspects of the Internet Engineering Task Force (IETF) history, structure and operations. RFC Editor IANA IAB IAOC IRTF IETF Trust Secretariat: AMS ISOC Privacy policy Website feedback