IETF | Internet Engineering Steering Group


Search Go Search Search News & blog Blog News IESG Statements Contact Search Search Tools Quick links IETF Datatracker Email list archive search IETF 101 London WG chair resources About Mission and principles Who we are Groups Participate in the IETF Support the IETF Topics of interest Automated network management The Internet of Things New transport technology IETF Areas How we work Working groups Email lists Meetings and events Running code Online tools Community discussions Internet standards RFCs Internet-Drafts Intellectual property rights Standards process News & blogs Blog News IESG Statements Contact Search Search Tools Quick links IETF Datatracker Email list archive search IETF 101 London WG chair resources About Groups Internet Engineering Steering Group The Internet Engineering Steering Group (IESG) is responsible for technical management of IETF activities and the Internet standards process. In this section Hide in this section Groups Internet Engineering Steering Group Internet Architecture Board Internet Research Task Force IETF Administration and Operations Committee IETF Trust Nominations Committee Tools Team Directorates Key Info The IESG administers the process according to the rules and procedures that have been ratified by the Internet Society trustees [RFC 2026]. It is directly responsible for the actions associated with entry into and movement along the Internet "standards track," including final approval of specifications as Internet Standards. The IESG consists of the Area Directors (ADs) who are selected by the Nominations Committee (NomCom) and are appointed for two years. The process for choosing the members of the IESG is detailed in RFC 2727, "IAB and IESG Selection, Confirmation, and Recall Process: Operation of the Nominating and Recall Committees." General Members | Areas | Directorates & Review Teams | Process Experiments | IESG Wiki Teleconferences Agenda | Documents on Future IESG Telechat Agendas | IESG Meeting Minutes | .ics Calendar of IESG Teleconferences | Webex Link (for telechats through IETF 101) Statements List All | On Mailing Lists | On Meetings | On Procedures | On Technical Issues IESG and the Standards Process Role of the IESG | How An AD Ballots | Announcements | Implementation Reports | Informational vs. Experimental Status | Document Shepherd Write-Up Templates Appeals and Posting Rights Actions RFC 2026 (see section 6.5) | Appeals to IESG | Appeals to IAB | IESG Statement On Appeals | List of PR-Actions Bibliography [1] RFC 2026 The Internet Standards Process -- Revision 3 This memo documents the process used by the Internet community for the standardization of protocols and procedures. It defines the stages in the standardization process, the requirements for moving a document between stages and the types of documents used during this process. This document spec... [2] RFC 2727 IAB and IESG Selection, Confirmation, and Recall Process: Operation of the Nominating and Recall Committees The process by which the members of the IAB and IESG are selected, confirmed, and recalled is specified. This document is a self- consistent, organized compilation of the process as it was known at the time of publication. This document specifies an Internet Best Current Practices for the Inter... James Galvin [3] RFC 2026 The Internet Standards Process -- Revision 3 This memo documents the process used by the Internet community for the standardization of protocols and procedures. It defines the stages in the standardization process, the requirements for moving a document between stages and the types of documents used during this process. This document spec... RFC Editor IANA IAB IAOC IRTF IETF Trust Secretariat: AMS ISOC Privacy policy Website feedback