IETF | IETF Meeting sponsorship


Search Go Search Search News & blog Blog News IESG Statements Contact Search Search Tools Quick links IETF Datatracker Email list archive search IETF 101 London WG chair resources About Mission and principles Who we are Groups Participate in the IETF Support the IETF Topics of interest Automated network management The Internet of Things New transport technology IETF Areas How we work Working groups Email lists Meetings and events Running code Online tools Community discussions Internet standards RFCs Internet-Drafts Intellectual property rights Standards process News & blogs Blog News IESG Statements Contact Search Search Tools Quick links IETF Datatracker Email list archive search IETF 101 London WG chair resources About Support the IETF IETF Meeting sponsorship One of the best ways to support the IETF is by sponsoring its global meetings. In this section Hide in this section Support the IETF IETF Global Hosts IETF Meeting sponsorship IETF Hackathon sponsorship In depth Host & Sponsorship Opportunities IETF Global Host The IETF is seeking world-leading companies to commit to a 10-year, multi-event partnership at US$100,000 per year. Global Host partners are the top-level named Hosts for three IETF meetings within the 10 years. Each Global Host selects from among upcoming meetings, held three times each year in Asia, Europe and North America. Current Global Hosts include Cisco, Comcast/NBCUniveral, Ericsson, and Juniper Networks. IETF Meeting Host US$375,000 IETF Meeting Hosts enjoy a premier level of visibility at IETF meetings. Host sponsorships are currently available for 2018. Meeting Host benefits Include: Platinum level organizational membership to the Internet Society: $100,000 value Ten (10) complimentary meeting registrations: $7,000 value Prime placement of company logo on the IETF meeting webpage, event promotional materials, and meeting signage Acknowledgement at the plenary session and in the meeting proceedings Social media posts highlighting company as the meeting Host Complimentary Bits-N-Bites exhibition space: $10,000 value Recognition in the IETF Journal Unique Host Opportunities Include: Presenting a lunch Tech Talk during the meeting week Providing official meeting t-shirts and lanyards with company logo Displaying company banners in the meeting registration area Hosting the meeting Social Event Having the first option to sponsor the meeting Welcome Reception Note: There is one Meeting Host per meeting, but co-hosting arrangements can be discussed. Other IETF Meeting Sponsorship Opportunities In 2018 the IETF will have the following meetings: IETF 101, London, March 2018. IETF 102, Montreal, July 2018. IETF 103, Asia (location TBA), November 2018. Sponsorships available at each meeting are described below. Gold Sponsor: US$50,000 Gold sponsors receive: Five (5) complimentary meeting registrations: $3,500 value Placement of company logo with recognition as a Gold Sponsor on the IETF meeting webpage, promotional materials, and meeting signage Acknowledgement at the plenary and in the proceedings of the meeting Social media acknowledgement recognizing you as a Gold sponsor Recognition in the IETF Journal Silver Sponsor: US$25,000 Silver sponsors receive: Two (2) complimentary meeting registrations: $1,400 value Placement of company logo with recognition as a Silver Sponsor on the IETF meeting webpage, promotional materials, and meeting signage Acknowledgement at the plenary and in the proceedings of the meeting Company logo displayed on event signage Social media acknowledgement recognizing you as a Silver sponsor Bronze Sponsor: US$10,000 Bronze sponsors receive: One (1) complimentary meeting registration: $700 value Placement of company logo with recognition as a Bronze Sponsor on the IETF meeting webpage, promotional materials, and meeting signage Acknowledgement at the meeting plenary Contact the IETF Sponsorship team Contact the sponsorship team for more information about supporting the IETF. Connect now Sign up to receive IETF announcements The IETF Announce mailing list provides updates on IETF documents, meetings and other IETF-wide news. Subscribe to IETF-announce RFC Editor IANA IAB IAOC IRTF IETF Trust Secretariat: AMS ISOC Privacy policy Website feedback