IETF | IETF Mentoring


Search Go Search Search News & blog Blog News IESG Statements Contact Search Search Tools Quick links IETF Datatracker Email list archive search IETF 101 London WG chair resources About Mission and principles Who we are Groups Participate in the IETF Support the IETF Topics of interest Automated network management The Internet of Things New transport technology IETF Areas How we work Working groups Email lists Meetings and events Running code Online tools Community discussions Internet standards RFCs Internet-Drafts Intellectual property rights Standards process News & blogs Blog News IESG Statements Contact Search Search Tools Quick links IETF Datatracker Email list archive search IETF 101 London WG chair resources About Participate in the IETF Mentoring The IETF Mentoring Program matches experienced IETF participants with newcomers in order to aid their integration into the IETF community through advice, help, and collected wisdom. The guidance provided by mentors should speed up the time it takes for newcomers to become active, contributing members of the IETF. Please note that this is separate from the Internet Society Fellowship to the IETF program. To Become a Mentor: A mentor plays the role of advisor, coach, teacher, and guide, providing the guidance needed to assist program participants in developing the skills needed to participate effectively within the IETF standards process. For more information on the skills required, please see the FAQ for potential mentors. To sign up as a Mentor, please send an email to mentoring-coordinators@ietf.org. To Request a Mentor: The Mentoring Program focuses on mentoring participants who are newcomers to the IETF, but is open to all. For more information, please review the FAQ for potential participants. Sign ups for mentors will be available on the IETF meeting specific pages. If you have any questions, lease send an email to mentoring-coordinators@ietf.org. Regional Mentoring: You may wish to contact mentors in your own region in addition to the IETF-wide mentoring team. These people may be able to provide assistance and guidance specific to your region. We currently have the following people serving as regional mentors: India- Dhruv Dhody: dhruv.ietf@gmail.com Vinayak Hegde: vinayakh@gmail.com Latin America- Christian O'Flaherty: oflaherty@isoc.org Alvaro Retana : aretana@cisco.com Frequently Asked Questions about being a Mentor in the IETF Mentoring Program Here are some questions commonly asked about being a Mentor, and answers for each of them. Frequently Asked Questions about being a Participant in the IETF Mentoring Program This page provides answers to common questions about being a participant in the IETF Mentoring Program. RFC Editor IANA IAB IAOC IRTF IETF Trust Secretariat: AMS ISOC Privacy policy Website feedback