IETF | Participate in the IETF


Search Go Search Search News & blog Blog News IESG Statements Contact Search Search Tools Quick links IETF Datatracker Email list archive search IETF 101 London WG chair resources About Mission and principles Who we are Groups Participate in the IETF Support the IETF Topics of interest Automated network management The Internet of Things New transport technology IETF Areas How we work Working groups Email lists Meetings and events Running code Online tools Community discussions Internet standards RFCs Internet-Drafts Intellectual property rights Standards process News & blogs Blog News IESG Statements Contact Search Search Tools Quick links IETF Datatracker Email list archive search IETF 101 London WG chair resources About Participate in the IETF Participation in the IETF is open to individuals willing to contribute technical expertise to help make the Internet work better. The IETF has no formal membership, no membership fee, and nothing to sign. By participating, you do automatically accept the IETF's rules, including the rules about intellectual property (patents, copyrights and trademarks). If you work for a company and the IETF will be part of your job, you must obviously clear this with your manager. However, the IETF will always view you as an individual, and never as a company representative. The resources below provide a starting point for learning more about how to participate in the IETF. There are also resources available if you would like to learn more about about RFCs, the documents produced by the IETF standards process. You can also find out more about IETF meetings here. "Running code" is an informal mantra of the IETF, and IETF Hackathons, which are a great way to get familiar with and help develop IETF standards. Getting Started in the IETF If you are a new participant in the IETF, this page is meant for you. It gives a short introduction, some general advice to new participants, and a guide to sources of further information. Tutorials Tutorials educate IETF participants about the IETF, the IETF process, and specific technical topics. Mentoring The IETF Mentoring Program matches experienced IETF participants with newcomers in order to aid their integration into the IETF community through advice, help, and collected wisdom. RFC Editor IANA IAB IAOC IRTF IETF Trust Secretariat: AMS ISOC Privacy policy Website feedback