IETF | Posting Rights Actions


Search Go Search Search News & blog Blog News IESG Statements Contact Search Search Tools Quick links IETF Datatracker Email list archive search IETF 101 London WG chair resources About Mission and principles Who we are Groups Participate in the IETF Support the IETF Topics of interest Automated network management The Internet of Things New transport technology IETF Areas How we work Working groups Email lists Meetings and events Running code Online tools Community discussions Internet standards RFCs Internet-Drafts Intellectual property rights Standards process News & blogs Blog News IESG Statements Contact Search Search Tools Quick links IETF Datatracker Email list archive search IETF 101 London WG chair resources About Groups Internet Engineering Steering Group Posting Rights Actions The IETF uses a consensus-driven process for developing computer-communications standards in an open fashion. An important part of this consensus-driven process is the pervasive use of mailing lists for discussion. In this section Hide in this section Internet Engineering Steering Group IESG Members IESG Meeting Minutes Appeals Key Info The IETF uses a consensus-driven process for developing computer-communications standards in an open fashion. An important part of this consensus-driven process is the pervasive use of mailing lists for discussion. Notably, in a small number of cases, a participant has engaged in a "denial-of-service" attack to disrupt the consensus-driven process. Regrettably, as these bad faith attacks become more common, the IETF needs to establish a practice that reduces or eliminates these attacks. The process is outlined fully in RFC 3683, "A Practice for Revoking Posting Rights to IETF Mailing Lists". A PR-action identifies one or more individuals, citing messages posted by those individuals to an IETF mailing list, that appear to be abusive of the consensus-driven process. If approved by the IESG, then those identified in the PR-action have their posting rights to the IETF mailing list removed, and maintainers of any IETF mailing list may, at their discretion, also remove posting rights to that IETF mailing list. Once in effect, a PR-action remains in force until explicitly nullified and should remain in force for at least one year. Please note that a PR-action deals solely with posting rights. Consistent with the final paragraph of Section 3.2 of RFC 2418, no action may be taken to prevent individuals from receiving messages sent to a mailing list. Dean Anderson (2006-01-05) Status: Active IESG evaluation of RFC 3683 PR-Action for Dean Anderson JFC (Jefsey) Morfin (2006-03-19) Status: Active IESG evaluation of RFC 3683 PR-Action for JFC (Jefsey) Morfin Bibliography [1] RFC 3683 A Practice for Revoking Posting Rights to IETF Mailing Lists All self-governing bodies have ways of managing the scope of participant interaction. The IETF uses a consensus-driven process for developing computer-communications standards in an open fashion. An important part of this consensus-driven process is the pervasive use of mailing lists for discus... Dr. Marshall T. Rose [2] RFC 2418 IETF Working Group Guidelines and Procedures This document describes the guidelines and procedures for formation and operation of IETF working groups. This document specifies an Internet Best Current Practices for the Internet Community, and requests discussion and suggestions for improvements. RFC Editor IANA IAB IAOC IRTF IETF Trust Secretariat: AMS ISOC Privacy policy Website feedback