IETF | Getting started in the IETF


Search Go Search Search News & blog Blog News IESG Statements Contact Search Search Tools Quick links IETF Datatracker Email list archive search IETF 101 London WG chair resources About Mission and principles Who we are Groups Participate in the IETF Support the IETF Topics of interest Automated network management The Internet of Things New transport technology IETF Areas How we work Working groups Email lists Meetings and events Running code Online tools Community discussions Internet standards RFCs Internet-Drafts Intellectual property rights Standards process News & blogs Blog News IESG Statements Contact Search Search Tools Quick links IETF Datatracker Email list archive search IETF 101 London WG chair resources About Participate in the IETF Getting Started in the IETF Welcome! If you are a new participant in the IETF, this page is meant for you. It gives a short introduction, some general advice to new participants, and a guide to sources of further information. The IETF's mission is "to make the Internet work better," but it is the Internet Engineering Task Force, so this means: make the Internet work better from an engineering point of view. We try to avoid policy and business questions, as much as possible. Most participants in the IETF are engineers with knowledge of networking protocols and software. Many of them know a lot about networking hardware too. The IETF's standards development work is organized into several Areas. Each Area has one or more Area Directors (ADs), which together comprise the Internet Engineering Steering Group (IESG). The IESG is responsible for technical management of IETF activities, the Internet standards process, and for the actions associated with entry into and movement along the Internet "standards track," including final approval of specifications as Internet Standards and publication as an RFC. Within each Area there are multiple Working Groups (WG). Each WG has one or more chairs who manage the work, and a written charter defining what the work is and when it is due. There are more than 100 WGs. The WGs produce Internet Drafts (I-Ds) which often lead to the publication of an Internet standard as an RFC. The IETF Datatracker has the charters, chairs and other information for all the current WGs. People interested in particular technical issues join the mailing list of a WG (also available via the IETF Datatracker) and occasionally participate in IETF meetings. How to Start Here are some tips for getting started in the IETF. Attending Meetings Here are some tips for attending IETF meetings as a newcomer. Related Close The Tao of IETF IETF Official Documents The IETF's official products are documents, published free of charge as RFCs. Resources Here are some other resources to help you get started in the IETF. Appendix: Where do RFCs come from? An abridged list of information about RFCs RFC Editor IANA IAB IAOC IRTF IETF Trust Secretariat: AMS ISOC Privacy policy Website feedback