IETF | IETF Contacts


Search Go Search Search News & blog Blog News IESG Statements Contact Search Search Tools Quick links IETF Datatracker Email list archive search IETF 101 London WG chair resources About Mission and principles Who we are Groups Participate in the IETF Support the IETF Topics of interest Automated network management The Internet of Things New transport technology IETF Areas How we work Working groups Email lists Meetings and events Running code Online tools Community discussions Internet standards RFCs Internet-Drafts Intellectual property rights Standards process News & blogs Blog News IESG Statements Contact Search Search Tools Quick links IETF Datatracker Email list archive search IETF 101 London WG chair resources Contact The IETF has various points of contact for different topics and issues. In this section Hide in this section Home About Topics of interest How we work Internet standards Key Info The IETF Administrative Director (IAD) has the day-to-day operational responsibility of providing fiscal and administrative support to the IETF through other activities, contractors and volunteers. The IETF Secretariat provides support for IETF activities, including events The Internet Engineering Steering Group is directly responsible for the actions associated with entry into and movement along the Internet "standards track," including final approval of specifications as Internet Standards. Interim IETF Administrative Director Portia Wenze-Danley iad@ietf.org The IETF Administrative Director (IAD) has the day-to-day operational responsibility of providing the fiscal and administrative support to the IETF through other activities, contractors and volunteers. IETF Secretariat c/o Association Management Solutions, LLC (AMS) 5177 Brandin Court Fremont, California 94538 USA Phone: +1-510-492-4080 Fax: +1-510-492-4001 Below is a list of active e-mail addresses/links for use in contacting the IETF Secretariat® team. Please use these addresses/URLs for the indicated purposes only. Please do not copy the email addresses in correspondence unless your message includes a request for IETF Secretariat® support. To contact the IETF Executive Director, please send a message to exec-director@ietf.org. General/Administrative ietf-info@ietf.org: For general information about the IETF iesg-secretary@ietf.org: For administrative support (e.g. request publication of an I-D as an RFC, update milestones, ask questions about procedures, etc.) I-D Submission Tool: To submit Internet-Drafts Meetings and Proceedings meeting-planning@ietf.org: To coordinate IETF meetings with other meetings Meeting Session Request Tool: To request meeting sessions at IETF meetings agenda@ietf.org: To request BOF sessions at IETF meetings or inquire about your WG/RG session requests ietf-registrar@ietf.org: For information on or assistance with registering for IETF meetings Proceedings Tool: To submit agendas, minutes and presentation slides for IETF meeting sessions Sponsorship sponsorship@ietf.org: To find out more about opportunities to sponsor the IETF and IETF events. Media media@ietf.org: For media inquiries and general information about the IETF. Liaison and IPR Statements Liaison Statement Tool or email statements@ietf.org mailto:statements@ietf.org : To submit liaison statements IPR Disclosure Tool: To submit IPR disclosure statements Website Feedback webmaster@ietf.org: To report outdated or incorrect content on the IETF website (including broken links) at www.ietf.org or to offer general suggestions on how site organization can be improved. See the website feedback page for additional information. Other Problem Reports ietf-action@ietf.org: To report technical problems (e.g. problems related to servers, mailing lists, archives, web tools, etc.) or to offer suggestions Contact Form: To report difficulty sending email to IETF mailing lists and/or the Secretariat Copyright infringement: Follow the guidelines on the linked page to report Ombudsteam: To report potential harassment RFC Editor IANA IAB IAOC IRTF IETF Trust Secretariat: AMS ISOC Privacy policy Website feedback