IETF | Internet Assigned Numbers Authority (IANA) functions


Search Go Search Search News & blog Blog News IESG Statements Contact Search Search Tools Quick links IETF Datatracker Email list archive search IETF 101 London WG chair resources About Mission and principles Who we are Groups Participate in the IETF Support the IETF Topics of interest Automated network management The Internet of Things New transport technology IETF Areas How we work Working groups Email lists Meetings and events Running code Online tools Community discussions Internet standards RFCs Internet-Drafts Intellectual property rights Standards process News & blogs Blog News IESG Statements Contact Search Search Tools Quick links IETF Datatracker Email list archive search IETF 101 London WG chair resources Internet standards IANA The global coordination of the DNS Root, IP addressing, and other Internet protocol resources is performed as the Internet Assigned Numbers Authority (IANA) functions. In this section Hide in this section Internet standards RFCs Internet-Drafts Intellectual property rights Standards process Key Info IANA is responsible for coordinating some of the key elements that keep the Internet running smoothly. While the Internet is renowned for being a worldwide network free from central coordination, there is a technical need for some key parts of the Internet to be globally coordinated, and this coordination role is undertaken by IANA. Specifically, IANA allocates and maintains unique codes and numbering systems that are used in the technical standards (“protocols”) that drive the Internet. IANA activities can be broadly grouped in to three categories: Domain Names Management of the DNS Root, the .int and .arpa domains, and an IDN practices resource. Number Resources Co-ordination of the global pool of IP and AS numbers, primarily providing them to Regional Internet Registries. Protocol Assignments Internet protocols’ numbering systems are managed in conjunction with standards bodies. IANA Protocol Parameter Assignments The first choice below connects directly to IANA's web page. The second connects to the list of IANA Protocol Assignments maintained by the IETF Secretariat. Be advised that there is a brief time period when the two directories will be out of sync. When in doubt, the IANA webpage is the authoritative source page. Lists of IANA Protocol Assignments Protocol assignments maintained by IANA (Mirror of protocol assignments maintained by the IETF Secretariat) Status of IETF Internet-Drafts in IANA Queue IANA Statistics for IETF-related Requests IANA Time Zone Database The first choice below connects to the copy of the IANA Time Zone Database maintained by the IETF Secretariat. The second choice connects directly to IANA's web page. Be advised that there is a brief time period when the two directories will be out of sync. When in doubt, the IANA webpage is the authoritative source page. IANA Time Zone Database (Copy of IANA Time Zone Database maintained by the IETF Secretariat) Time Zone Database Mailing List Contacting IANA To contact IANA, please use iana@iana.org. RFC Editor IANA IAB IAOC IRTF IETF Trust Secretariat: AMS ISOC Privacy policy Website feedback