IETF | Internet Engineering Task Force


Search Go Search Search News & blog Blog News IESG Statements Contact Search Search Tools Quick links IETF Datatracker Email list archive search IETF 101 London WG chair resources About Mission and principles Who we are Groups Participate in the IETF Support the IETF Topics of interest Automated network management The Internet of Things New transport technology IETF Areas How we work Working groups Email lists Meetings and events Running code Online tools Community discussions Internet standards RFCs Internet-Drafts Intellectual property rights Standards process News & blogs Blog News IESG Statements Contact Search Search Tools Quick links IETF Datatracker Email list archive search IETF 101 London WG chair resources Consolidation and Internet Architecture Is increasing consolidation in Internet services related to the Internet's architecture? Read more about how this trend might affect work in the IETF. Understanding our documents Internet-Drafts Request for Comments (RFCs) Working Groups Internet-Drafts Internet-Drafts are working documents of the IETF, its areas, and its working groups. During the development of a specification, draft versions of the document are made available for informal review and comment by placing them in the IETF's Internet-Draft format. Find out more about the IETF standards process Request for Comments (RFCs) The IETF publishes RFCs authored by network operators, engineers and computer scientists to document methods, behaviors, research, or innovations applicable to the Internet. Learn more about RFCs Working groups Working Groups are the primary mechanism for development of IETF specifications and guidelines. Working Groups are typically created to address a specific problem or to produce one or more specific deliverables (a guideline, standards specification, etc.). See how IETF Working Groups operate Featured Internet-Draft Active draft DualQ Coupled AQMs for Low Latency, Low Loss and Scalable Throughput (L4S) Data Centre TCP (DCTCP) was designed to provide predictably low queuing latency, near-zero loss, and throughput scalability using explicit congestion notification (ECN) and an extremely si... draft-ietf-tsvwg-aqm-dualq-coupled Featured RFC The Flow Queue CoDel Packet Scheduler and Active Queue Management Algorithm This memo presents the FQ-CoDel hybrid packet scheduler and Active Queue Management (AQM) algorithm, a powerful tool for fighting bufferbloat and reducing latency. RFC 8290 was: draft-ietf-aqm-fq-codel Featured Working Group Working Group Active Queue Management and Packet Scheduling Internet routers, lower-layer switches, end-host operating systems, device drivers, and many types of additional middleboxes include memory buffers in which they implement queues to hold pa... aqm not active aqm@ietf.org Upcoming events IETF 101 London IETF 101 starts Saturday 17 March and runs through Friday afternoon, 23 March. London, UK IETF 102 Montreal IETF 102 is scheduled to start Saturday 14 July and run through the afternoon of 20 July. Montreal, Quebec, Canada All events What's new? Consolidation One of the tasks of the IAB is to look at trends affecting the Internet. Recently, we've been discussing traffic flows and popular applications on the Internet, and the role of smaller vs. larger players in the Internet ecosystem. 4 Mar 2018 New Work at IETF 101 A slate of new work proposals have been approved for scheduling at the upcoming IETF 101 meeting. 17 Feb 2018 All news Search the IETF email archive Much of the daily work of the IETF is conducted on electronic mailing lists. A new mail archive tool realizing the requirements developed in RFC 6778 is now in use: Search Go Topics of interest Automated network management The IETF is working on standards for automated network management which, as the name implies aims to improve and make more efficient management of networks as they continue increase in size and complexity. The Internet of Things The Internet of Things is the network of physical objects or "things" embedded with electronics, software, sensors, and connectivity to enable objects to exchange data with the manufacturer, operator and/or other connected devices. New transport technology The development of new transport technologies in the IETF provide capabilities that improve the ability of Internet applications to send data over the Internet. All topics Register for IETF 101 Join the IETF community as it creates the technologies that power the Internet. Register now RFC Editor IANA IAB IAOC IRTF IETF Trust Secretariat: AMS ISOC Privacy policy Website feedback