IETF | RFCs


Search Go Search Search News & blog Blog News IESG Statements Contact Search Search Tools Quick links IETF Datatracker Email list archive search IETF 101 London WG chair resources About Mission and principles Who we are Groups Participate in the IETF Support the IETF Topics of interest Automated network management The Internet of Things New transport technology IETF Areas How we work Working groups Email lists Meetings and events Running code Online tools Community discussions Internet standards RFCs Internet-Drafts Intellectual property rights Standards process News & blogs Blog News IESG Statements Contact Search Search Tools Quick links IETF Datatracker Email list archive search IETF 101 London WG chair resources Internet standards RFCs Memos in the Requests for Comments (RFC) document series contain technical and organizational notes about the Internet. In this section Hide in this section Internet standards RFCs Internet-Drafts Intellectual property rights Standards process Key Info Requests for comment (RFCs) cover many aspects of computer networking, including protocols, procedures, programs, and concepts, as well as meeting notes, opinions, and sometimes humor. Below are links to RFCs, as available from ietf.org and from rfc-editor.org. Note that there is a brief time period when the two sites will be out of sync. When in doubt, the RFC Editor site is the authoritative source page. RFCs associated with an active IETF Working Group can also be accessed from the Working Group's web page via IETF Working Groups. IETF Repository Retrieval Advanced search options are available at IETF Datatracker and the RFC Search Page. A text index of RFCs is available on the IETF web site here: RFC Index (Text). To go directly to a text version of an RFC, type https://www.ietf.org/rfc/rfcNNNN.txt into the location field of your browser, where NNNN is the RFC number. RFC Editor Repository Retrieval RFC Search Page RFC Index ( HTML | TXT | XML ) Additional listings of RFCs RFC Editor Queue RFC Errata Published RFCs never change. Although every published RFC has been submitted to careful proofreading by the RFC Editor and the author(s), errors do sometimes go undetected. Technical Errata are errors in the technical content. Editorial Errata are spelling, grammar, punctuation, or syntax errors that do not affect the technical meaning. The RFC Editor database maintains a list of errata for each RFC. To search for errata on a particular RFC, or to report new errata, please visit the RFC Editor Errata Page. For more information about how errata are processed, please see IESG Processing of RFC Errata for the IETF Stream. Contacting the RFC Editor To contact the RFC Production Center, please use rfc-editor@rfc-editor.org To contact the RFC Independent Submissions Editor, please use rfc-ise@rfc-editor.org To contact the RFC Series Editor, please use rse@rfc-editor.org RFC Editor IANA IAB IAOC IRTF IETF Trust Secretariat: AMS ISOC Privacy policy Website feedback