IETF | Process oriented tutorials


Search Go Search Search News & blog Blog News IESG Statements Contact Search Search Tools Quick links IETF Datatracker Email list archive search IETF 101 London WG chair resources About Mission and principles Who we are Groups Participate in the IETF Support the IETF Topics of interest Automated network management The Internet of Things New transport technology IETF Areas How we work Working groups Email lists Meetings and events Running code Online tools Community discussions Internet standards RFCs Internet-Drafts Intellectual property rights Standards process News & blogs Blog News IESG Statements Contact Search Search Tools Quick links IETF Datatracker Email list archive search IETF 101 London WG chair resources About Participate in the IETF Tutorials Process oriented tutorials Process oriented tutorials include how to bring new work into the IETF, tips on how to use tools to create documents such as Internet-Drafts and RFCs, and how to more effectively participate in IETF meetings. Many process tutorials are presented by long-time IETF participants who share their tips and experiences. Other process tutorials are presented by members of the IETF Tools Team, or members of the RFC Editor team. Designing Privacy into Internet Protocols This tutorial provides a brief overview of the privacy threats that engineers may encounter during their protocol work. Creating Internet Drafts and RFCs This tutorial provides introductions to several tools available to produce well-formed Internet Drafts. Document editing and shepherding This tutorial provides tips on being a Document Shepherd, who provides working group-level support to improve document-processing throughput and document quality. IETF tools training This tutorial is intended to help IETF participants to make use of the tools provided by the IETF Tools team. Presentation skills This tutorial describes some simple tips to help your IETF presentation be as effective as possible. Working Group leadership training This tutorial offers an introduction to IETF roles and processes for current or aspiring working group chairs, document editors and technical leaders. Writing RFCs and Internet-Drafts in markdown and a bit of YAML This tutorial covers new tools which allow writing Internet-Drafts in markdown, automatically converting into the XML format accepted by the RFC Editor Tools for creating Internet Drafts and RFCs This tutorial covers NroffEdit and xml2rfc, two popular ways to produce Internet-Drafts. RFC Editor IANA IAB IAOC IRTF IETF Trust Secretariat: AMS ISOC Privacy policy Website feedback