IETF | Note Well


Search Go Search Search News & blog Blog News IESG Statements Contact Search Search Tools Quick links IETF Datatracker Email list archive search IETF 101 London WG chair resources About Mission and principles Who we are Groups Participate in the IETF Support the IETF Topics of interest Automated network management The Internet of Things New transport technology IETF Areas How we work Working groups Email lists Meetings and events Running code Online tools Community discussions Internet standards RFCs Internet-Drafts Intellectual property rights Standards process News & blogs Blog News IESG Statements Contact Search Search Tools Quick links IETF Datatracker Email list archive search IETF 101 London WG chair resources About Note Well A reminder of IETF policies. In this section Hide in this section About Mission and principles Who we are Groups Participate in the IETF Support the IETF Key Info This is a reminder of IETF policies in effect on various topics such as patents or code of conduct. It is only meant to point you in the right direction. Exceptions may apply. The IETF's patent policy and the definition of an IETF "contribution" and "participation" are set forth in BCP 79; please read it carefully. As a reminder: By participating in the IETF, you agree to follow IETF processes and policies. If you are aware that any IETF contribution is covered by patents or patent applications that are owned or controlled by you or your sponsor, you must disclose that fact, or not participate in the discussion. As a participant in or attendee to any IETF activity you acknowledge that written, audio, video, and photographic records of meetings may be made public. Personal information that you provide to IETF will be handled in accordance with the IETF Privacy Statement. As a participant or attendee, you agree to work respectfully with other participants; please contact the ombudsteam (https://www.ietf.org/contact/ombudsteam/) if you have questions or concerns about this. Definitive information is in the documents listed below and other IETF BCPs. For advice, please talk to WG chairs or ADs: BCP 9 (Internet Standards Process) BCP 25 (Working Group processes) BCP 25 (Anti-Harassment Procedures) BCP 54 (Code of Conduct) BCP 78 (Copyright) BCP 79 (Patents, Participation) https://www.ietf.org/privacy-policy/ (Privacy Policy) RFC Editor IANA IAB IAOC IRTF IETF Trust Secretariat: AMS ISOC Privacy policy Website feedback