IETF | IESG Processing of RFC Errata for the IETF Stream


Search Go Search Search News & blog Blog News IESG Statements Contact Search Search Tools Quick links IETF Datatracker Email list archive search IETF 101 London WG chair resources About Mission and principles Who we are Groups Participate in the IETF Support the IETF Topics of interest Automated network management The Internet of Things New transport technology IETF Areas How we work Working groups Email lists Meetings and events Running code Online tools Community discussions Internet standards RFCs Internet-Drafts Intellectual property rights Standards process News & blogs Blog News IESG Statements Contact Search Search Tools Quick links IETF Datatracker Email list archive search IETF 101 London WG chair resources Share this page Blog listing Show filters Consolidation One of the tasks of the IAB is to look at trends affecting the Internet. Recently, we've been discussing traffic flows and popular applications on the Internet, and the role of smaller vs. larger players in the Internet ecosystem. Internet Architecture Board 4 Mar 2018 New Work at IETF 101 A slate of new work proposals have been approved for scheduling at the upcoming IETF 101 meeting. Alissa Cooper IETF Chair 17 Feb 2018 The Blind Men and the Elephant Bufferbloat is responsible for much of the poor performance seen in the Internet today and causes latency (called “lag” by gamers) even by your own routine web browsing and video playing. Jim Gettys Chair 10 Feb 2018 Bangkok selected for IETF 103 The IAOC is pleased to announce Bangkok, Thailand as the site for IETF 103 from November 3 - 9, 2018. IETF Administrative Director 2 Feb 2018 NomCom 2017-2018: Announcement of NomCom selections As chair of the 2017-2018 NomCom, it gives me great pleasure to announce the results of the NomCom selection process for all positions to serve for the 2018-2020 cycle. Peter Yee Nomcom Chair 30 Jan 2018 CoDel: Improved networking through adaptively managed router queues Internet routers must be able to buffer packets: buffering acts like a shock absorber for transient overloads that arise when the input link is faster than the output link or packets arrive simultaneously on different links bound for the same destination. Van Jacobson Dr. Kathleen M. Nichols Chair 27 Jan 2018 IETF 101 BoF Deadline The deadline to submit Birds of a Feather (BoF) proposals for IETF 101 is rapidly approaching: Friday, February 2 at 23:59 UTC. Alissa Cooper IETF Chair 22 Jan 2018 Internet Governance Forum 2017 The Internet Governance Forum’s meetings bring together Internet user communities, businesses, technical folk, and a set of UN and government bodies. Alissa Cooper IETF Chair Ted Hardie IAB Chair 9 Jan 2018 IETF Website Status Update Thanks to everyone who provided further input about the revamped www.ietf.org website around IETF 100. Russ Housley IETF Website Revamp Project Manager 18 Dec 2017 YANG Data Models in the Industry: Current State of Affairs (November 2017) For years, the IETF has been driving the industry transition from an overloaded Software Defined Networking (SDN) buzzword to data modeling-driven management. Benoit Claise Operations and Management Area Director 11 Dec 2017 Participating in the IETF Hackathon from Mauritius Hackers.mu is a developer group based in Mauritius made up of a wide range of people from different backgrounds: high school students, university students, professional engineers, and advisors to the minister of ICT. Loganaden Velvindron 7 Dec 2017 Highlights from IETF 100 IETF 100 wrapped up just over a week ago in steamy Singapore. In addition to our usual productive working group sessions, hallway conversations, and ad hoc collaboration, we took the opportunity to mark the milestone of the 100th meeting with looks backward and forward in the IETF’s trajectory (plus some bubbles and sweets) at the plenary session. Alissa Cooper IETF Chair 27 Nov 2017 YANG Catalog Latest Developments (IETF 100 Hackathon) The YANG team delivered again at the IETF 100 hackathon. With our goal to help YANG model users and designers, we developed new automation tools. Benoit Claise Operations and Management Area Director 22 Nov 2017 IETF 100 Preview IETF 100 is just around the corner. It will offer all the usual opportunities for high-bandwidth exchange among IETF participants and collaboration around specs, coding and interop work. Alissa Cooper IETF Chair 8 Nov 2017 Privacy and Trustworthiness for Web Notifications RFC 8188 builds on existing protocols to provide a new option for delivering trustworthy messages containing confidential information over the Internet. Martin Thomson IETF Participant 18 Oct 2017 ENAME Workshop A highly interactive workshop organized by the Internet Architecture Board raises important issues and generates ideas for significant follow-on work. Dr. Ted Hardie IAB Chair 17 Oct 2017 New work at IETF 100 Birds of a Feather sessions (BoFs) are initial, informal, in-person discussions about a particular the topic of interest to the IETF community. BoFs may or may not lead to establishing an IETF Working Group. Alissa Cooper IETF Chair 14 Oct 2017 Vancouver selected for IETF 107 The IAOC is pleased to announce Vancouver, BC, Canada as the site for IETF 107 from March 21 - 27, 2020. IETF Administrative Director 6 Oct 2017 The New RFC Editor Website In early 2002, the RFC Editor revised their website look and feel to one that would stay essentially unchanged for the next 13 years. Heather Flanagan RFC Series Editor 3 Oct 2017 Interim IETF Administrative Director hired! I am pleased to share that the IAOC has successfully concluded its search for an interim IETF Administrative Director. Leslie Daigle IAOC Chair 28 Sep 2017 Strengthening Internet Security and Accommodating Data Center Requirements: Finding a Path Forward With the intention to encourage the development of a solution to an issue currently under discussion within an IETF working group, I wanted to offer a personal view of a possible ways forward. Kathleen Moriarty IETF Participant 18 Sep 2017 IETF 99 Wrap Up IETF Internet Area Director Suresh Krishnan provides a brief wrap up from IETF 99. Suresh Krishnan Internet Area Director 26 Jul 2017 IETF 99 Preview IETF 99 is about to kick off in Prague, Czech Republic. There is lots of exciting work going on across more than 100 working groups, plus Birds-of-a-Feather (BoF) sessions, plenary talks, and other meetings. Alissa Cooper IETF Chair 15 Jul 2017 Seeking community feedback on revamp of www.ietf.org There has been a lot of progress on the project to revamp of the www.ietf.org website. Russ Housley IETF Website Revamp Project Manager 14 Jul 2017 At Long Last, A Revised Patent Policy for IETF: What’s Behind BCP79bis? Working on technical standards in the computing, communications and networking industries often involves dealing with patents. Like most standards-development organizations (SDOs), the IETF has policies that deal with patents covering IETF protocols, specifications and standards. Scott O. Bradner Tech Advisor Jorge Contreras 14 Jul 2017 5G and Internet Technology 5G is the latest generation of cellular network standards. There’s a tremendous amount of activity around it in the industry. But how does 5G relate to Internet technology? Are there 5G-related work items that the IETF should be working on, for instance? Jari Arkko IAB Member Jeff Tantsura IAB Member 16 Jun 2017 What does “Internet Access” mean? On the joint day of the the recent IESG and IAB retreats, the group discussed a number of topics related to network operator activities for encrypted flows. Ted Hardie IAB Chair 12 Jun 2017 Working Together with 3GPP on 5G Last week I had the opportunity to participate at the 3GPP plenary meeting in West Palm Beach, Florida, USA, at the invitation of the 3GPP liaison to the IETF, Georg Mayer. Alissa Cooper IETF Chair 12 Jun 2017 New Work at Upcoming IETF 99 Meeting Before each IETF meeting, the Internet Engineering Steering Group (IESG) collects proposals for new working groups. We decide which ones are ready for community discussion on the IETF meeting agenda, with input from the Internet Architecture Board (IAB).. Alissa Cooper IETF Chair 11 Jun 2017 Increasing capabilities of advanced automatic crash notifications Recently published IETF RFCs aim to expand the capabilities of such services, and to make them more broadly implementable. Randall Gellens WG Participant Brian Rosen WG Participant 8 Jun 2017 IETF Profile: Mirja Kühlewind Periodic posts on the IETF Blog highlight individuals who serve in IETF leadership roles, people who have recently begun working in the IETF, and organizations that make the work of the IETF possible. Greg Wood Tech Advisor 1 Jun 2017 IESG Retreat The IESG held its annual retreat last week, meeting one day jointly with the IAB and two days on our own in Montreal, Canada. Alissa Cooper IETF Chair 25 May 2017 Routing Area Update after IETF 98 As Routing Area Directors, we have now made it a habit to share some of our thoughts after each IETF meeting. This is a short summary of some of the highlights from the recent one in Chicago. Alia Atlas Routing Area Director Alvaro Retana Routing Area Director Deborah Brungard Routing Area Director 10 May 2017 Looking Ahead, Facing Change About a month ago I officially took on the role of IETF Chair. Alissa Cooper IETF Chair 9 May 2017 Internet Architecture Board and Internet Engineering Steering Group Seat Members for 2017-2018 Newly selected members of the Internet Architecture Board (IAB) and the Internet Engineering Steering Committee (IESG) were officially seated in their new roles during the 98th Internet Engineering Task Force Meeting held in Chicago on 26-31 March 2107. 21 Apr 2017 YANG Catalog Latest Development (IETF 98 Hackathon) The IETF 98 is now over. This was a successful IETF meeting in multiple ways, one of which is the IETF Hackathon, two days of hacking on Saturday/Sunday. Benoit Claise Operations and Management Area Director 14 Apr 2017 Highlights from IETF 98 The 98th IETF meeting wrapped up last Friday in Chicago. It was a typically busy work week for IETF participants, but also a special week, as a number of changes in our leadership became official. Alissa Cooper IETF Chair 6 Apr 2017 IETF Profile: Jari Arkko Periodic posts on the IETF Blog highlight individuals who serve in IETF leadership roles, people who have recently begun working in the IETF, and organizations that make the work of the IETF possible. Greg Wood Tech Advisor 27 Mar 2017 IETF Profile: Alissa Cooper Periodic posts will highlight individuals who serve in IETF leadership roles, people who have recently begun working in the IETF, and organizations that make the work of the IETF possible. Each post aims to describe experiences working within or supporting the IETF. Greg Wood Tech Advisor 23 Mar 2017 IETF-98 Highlights The Chicago IETF begins in a couple of days, and I wanted to point people to a few highlights from my perspective. Jari Arkko IETF Chair 22 Mar 2017 University Students Create Running Code for the Internet IETF Hackathons embody the IETF’s tradition of running code—testing theories against the realties of implementation, with a goal of accelerating the definition and adoption of protocols and technologies that make the Internet work better. Greg Wood Tech Advisor 14 Mar 2017 Observations on the CIA Revelations Recent news stories, and some IETF list discussion, have related to the release of (claimed) CIA materials relating to surveillance, hacking and information warfare. Jari Arkko IETF Chair Stephen Farrell Security Area Director 10 Mar 2017 Reviewing and Assessing the IETF Administrative Support Activity The current IETF Administrative Support Activity (IASA) arrangements were created more than ten years ago when the IETF initially took charge of its own administration [1]. Jari Arkko IETF Chair Alissa Cooper Chair 14 Feb 2017 New IESG Every year, the IETF selects its leadership through the nominations committee or NomCom process. Today, the committee has announced our new steering group (IESG) members. Jari Arkko IETF Chair 31 Jan 2017 Barriers to Entry The Internet Engineering Task Force (IETF) is a global community of network designers, operators, vendors, and researchers that develops Internet protocols. Jari Arkko IETF Chair Leslie Daigle IAOC Chair Andrew Sullivan IAB Chair 30 Jan 2017 A New RFC Archive RFCs are documents designed to serve a variety of purposes. They offer information to developers engineers on how to make the Internet interoperate. Heather Flanagan Chair 16 Jan 2017 IETF Hackathon in Chicago We will be hosting another IETF Hackathon at IETF-98 which will take place in Chicago at the end of March. The Chicago Hackathon will run from Saturday March 25 to Sunday March 26, but will surely have follow-ups during the rest of the week. Jari Arkko IETF Chair 11 Jan 2017 Call for Tools Volunteers and Contractors First, there will be a CodeSprint on Saturday March 25th just before IETF-98 in Chicago. Jari Arkko IETF Chair Russ Housley Chair 9 Jan 2017 New Ideas for IETF-98? Do you have an idea that you believe would be worthwhile standardising? Now would be a great time to start talking about it, in time for our meeting in Chicago in March! Jari Arkko IETF Chair 9 Jan 2017 Internet Governance Forum (IGF) 2016 The Internet Governance Forum or IGF is a discussion forum on matters relating to the administrative and policy questions surrounding the Internet. A handful of IETFers attended the yearly IGF meeting, this time happening in Guadalajara, Mexico, in December. We wanted to report what we saw and talk about why the discussions at the forum are important. Jari Arkko Tech Advisor Andrew Sullivan Chair Dr. Ted Hardie Barry Leiba Liaison Manager 3 Jan 2017 Reflections from IETF 97 I wanted to send a post summarising my thoughts of the discussions at IETF-97. We had 1042 people from 52 countries on site in Seoul, very active development on a number of fronts, and I thought a successful meeting! (Apologies for sending this post out late, other tasks, holidays, etc intervened.) Jari Arkko IETF Chair 3 Jan 2017 Reflections on the Routing Area after IETF 97 Looking Back on IETF 97 Alia Atlas Area Director 6 Dec 2016 IESG and Chair Report, IETF-97 This report is sent out before IETF-97 begins, in an effort to reduce reporting at the plenary and to provide an ability to discuss topics on list beforehand and afterwards. Jari Arkko IETF Chair 15 Nov 2016 YANG Quick Status Update Before this IETF 97 Let me start with some good news. Not only we recently approved RESTCONF (right now in the RFC editor queue), but we published the IPv4 and IPv6 base routing models in RFC 8022. Benoit Claise Operations and Management Area Director 13 Nov 2016 Welcome to IETF-97! IETF-97 is starting in a couple of days in Seoul, Korea, as well as running online for many participants connecting over the Internet. Jari Arkko IETF Chair 7 Nov 2016 Proposed Project: IETF Administrative Support 2.0 The arrangements relating to administrative support for the IETF (IASA, RFC 4071) were created more than ten years ago, when the IETF initially took charge of its own administration. Jari Arkko IETF Chair 3 Nov 2016 Attacks Against the Architecture The scale, complexity, and potential harm of Denial-of-Service attacks involving the use of compromised or misconfigured nodes or “things” is increasing. Across multiple services and activities, the network seems to be unable to defend itself effectively against large-scale bad behavior. Why is this? Can something be done about it? Who should act? Jari Arkko IETF Chair 27 Oct 2016 New Work in Seoul A month before the meeting our steering group collects proposals for new working groups. We decide which ones are ready enough for the community to discuss the proposals in the meeting. We did this last week, and I wanted to report what new meetings will be held. Jari Arkko IETF Chair 12 Oct 2016 IANA Stewardship and Transition Goes Ahead Today marks the execution of the contracts and arrangements relating to the IANA stewardship transition. The US government has ended their role in this matter. I am happy about the transition, and happy that it is happening as specified by the IETF and other communities. For me, the key issue is that the communities are in charge. Jari Arkko IETF Chair 1 Oct 2016 Working with the IEEE 802 Standards organisations have their areas of work, but for many topics efforts affect multiple organisations, or even span across multiple organisations. Take the IETF and the IEEE for instance, as our efforts often interact. Jari Arkko IETF Chair 16 Sep 2016 BOFs for IETF-97 I wanted to remind you that we are soliciting proposals for new work at the IETF. If you have an idea, this would be a good time to bring it up! Jari Arkko IETF Chair 16 Sep 2016 Codesprints, Hackathons, and Interops in Seoul The essence of the IETF is not that we write specs for some other people to implement. It is that we are a place for people who write code to write specs as well. With that in mind, a big part of our work is allowing for that code writing to happen. Jari Arkko IETF Chair 31 Aug 2016 Routing Area Directors’ Thoughts on IETF-96 Kicking off IETF 96 in Berlin, Germany was the weekend’s IETF Hackathon. There is growing engagement between the Open Source communities and the IETF. The IETF Hackathon had more participants than ever and we experimented with having a place for it in the IETF Lounge all week. Alia Atlas Routing Area Director Deborah Brungard Routing Area Director Alvaro Retana Routing Area Director 3 Aug 2016 IETF 96 Thoughts We had a great meeting in Berlin, the IETF crowd clearly likes to meet there! As our meeting ended, we had 1424 people participating on site and 337 people remotely. Out of the registered remote participants, 79 were from USA, 73 from India, 52 from Brazil, and 13 from Japan. Jari Arkko IETF Chair 27 Jul 2016 Patching the Internet of Things: IoT Software Update Workshop 2016 “There’s a huge problem with the Internet of Things and we need to do something about it.” That was the invitation that brought participants to the Internet of Things Software Update Workshop (IoTSU) held at Trinity College, Dublin on June 13 and 14. Pierre Pfister Maciek Konstantynowicz 26 Jul 2016 Hacking Packet Processing at IETF96 When the idea of participating in this hackathon came about, the goal was mostly to leverage FD.io’s Vector Packet Processor (VPP) as a platform and show its performance, capabilities, modularity and development simplicity. So we looked across existing IETF technologies and drafts which were not yet implemented in VPP and found out this new ILA technology (draft-herbert-nvo3-ila), which seemed to be a perfectly valid use-case for VPP used as a physical or virtual router. Jari Arkko IETF Chair 21 Jul 2016 IETF Chair and IESG Report, IETF-96 This report is sent out before IETF-96 begins, in an effort to reduce reporting at the plenary and to provide an ability to discuss topics on list beforehand and afterwards. This reporting style follows what IAB has adopted in recent times; the plan is to provide only a brief summary in the in-person presentation at the plenary. If you have topics that you think the IESG should, or should already have, discussed, please send email to iesg@ietf.org with details and we'll get back to you. Jari Arkko Tech Advisor 17 Jul 2016 Berlin Network I arrived in Berlin today, but there are many volunteers and support vendors who arrived days earlier to prepare for the meeting. It takes a lot of effort to setup the network, for instance. The team reports that the network is up and running, and that they have taken over the hotel network as well. Jari Arkko IETF Chair 15 Jul 2016 IETF and Hackathon Coming Up! Today is the deadline for registering at the IETF with the early bird price. Do register! Jari Arkko IETF Chair 8 Jul 2016 IETF Systers During nearly every IETF meeting since 1993, an informal gathering of women participants, the Systers, has taken place. We chose the name Systers as an answer to the late Anita Borg’s call for women in computer systems to support and celebrate each other. Allison Mankin IRTF Chair 6 Jul 2016 Working Together In my experience it is important that we talk to each other, all of us, the techies, the operators, the economists, and the policy people. We live in a connected world that is developing very rapidly, and none of us have a full picture of everything. It benefits us to share our views and increase our understanding. Jari Arkko IETF Chair 23 Jun 2016 www.ietf.org Revamp Update I wanted to provide a brief update on the the progress of the www.ietf.org website revamp project, which began in earnest last year and is scheduled to move into production by the end of this year. Greg Wood Tech Advisor 16 Jun 2016 New Topics At The Berlin Meeting I wanted to report what new ideas are going to be discussed at the meeting in Berlin in July. Jari Arkko IETF Chair 13 Jun 2016 Long-Term IETF Evolution In the midst of a day’s discussion about particular issue that troubles us with technology or something else, it can be difficult to focus on topics that have a longer timescale. As you probably remember, I had asked a design team to write a draft about various trends around us that affect the IETF. Jari Arkko IETF Chair 12 Jun 2016 NTIA Assessment of the IANA Stewardship Transition Proposal Today the US Department of Commerce National Telecommunications & Information Administration (NTIA) announced that the Internet community’s proposal to transition the stewardship of the Internet Assigned Numbers Authority (IANA) functions meets the criteria it set out for the process. Jari Arkko IETF Chair Andrew Sullivan IAB Chair 9 Jun 2016 Meeting Woes If you have followed the IETF discussion list recently, you’ve probably seen a thread about a planned meeting in Singapore next year. Traditionally, the IETF announces meeting sites as they have been contracted. After announcing Singapore during IETF-95, we heard from our LGBTQ participants that laws in Singapore make their participation (particularly when they travel with their families) a concern. Jari Arkko IETF Chair 8 Jun 2016 IETF leadership team retreats The IETF meetings are a busy time for many of the active participants, including members of our steering group or the IESG. Most of the time is spent in actual working group meetings, and there’s little time to reflect on broader issues. Every year the IESG finds some time for a “retreat” meeting to discuss topics with sufficient amount of time, to get to know the new ADs, do some team building, and so on. Jari Arkko IETF Chair 10 May 2016 IESG Retreat The IESG has just had a two and half days of meetings in Cambridge, Massachusetts. These events are an important opportunity for our group to meet and discuss broader topics and IETF work in more depth than is possible during the regular IETF meetings. Jari Arkko IETF Chair 10 May 2016 IETF-95 Summary We had a great IETF 95 meeting in Buenos Aires a few weeks ago, with a lot of topics and many participants. Jari Arkko IETF Chair 26 Apr 2016 IETF Hackathon: Getting TLS 1.3 working in the browser Over the last few years, the IETF community has been focused on improving and expanding the use of the technical foundations for Internet security. Nick Sullivan Chair 17 Apr 2016 Ericsson Commits to Support the IETF in the Long Term I am pleased to announce that Ericsson has just signed a MoU with the ISOC (Internet Society) in which Ericsson commits to support the IETF in a ongoing fashion. Gonzalo Camarillo Liaison Manager 9 Apr 2016 Team to help regarding harassment concerns In 2013, the IESG set the IETF anti-harassment policy. The IETF strives to create and maintain an environment in which people of many different backgrounds are treated with dignity, decency, and respect. Jari Arkko IETF Chair 1 Apr 2016 Bringing together open standards and open source in 2016 A recent Internet Draft noted the growing Free and Open Source Software movement as a trend that the IETF, as a community, can participate in by helping open source and open standards work together. Barry Leiba Applications and Real-Time Area Director 31 Mar 2016 Buenos Días, Buenos Aires! This morning I arrived in Buenos Aires, where volunteers and staff have been busy preparing for our 95th IETF meeting. It looks like everything is ready, the network is up and the hotel facilities look great. Jari Arkko IETF Chair 31 Mar 2016 The Interoperability of Things: IoT Semantic Interoperability (IOTSI) Workshop 2016 The IETF is about interoperation. Yes, IETF participants like cleaner architecture, and more elegant solutions, and so on. But at bottom, both “rough consensus” and “running code” are all about making diverse things work together as much as possible. David Thaler IAB Member Andrew Sullivan IAB Chair 26 Mar 2016 Bienvenidos a Buenos Aires! (Welcome to Buenos Aires!) It’s almost time to pack our bags and head south to Argentina. This is the IETF’s first ever meeting in Latin America! Jari Arkko IETF Chair 18 Mar 2016 YANG Data Models in the Industry: Current State of Affairs Just before the IETF 95 in Buenos Aires, let’s analyze the current state of affairs in the YANG Data Models world. Benoit Claise Operations and Management Area Director 16 Mar 2016 Transition Plan Enters New Phase Many of us have been working over the last two years on a small change to the way the IANA functions are managed. Andrew Sullivan IAB Chair 10 Mar 2016 New Research Groups at IETF-95 My previous blog post was about the IETF BoFs, but there are also new meetings in the research arm of the IETF, the IRTF. Jari Arkko IETF Chair 6 Mar 2016 BOFs for IETF-95 With the preliminary agenda just published (or soon will be), I wanted to report what Birds-of-Feather (BoF) sessions there will be at IETF-95. This time there is quite a lot of work following up on a recent IAB workshop on the effect of encryption on network operators. Jari Arkko IETF Chair 2 Mar 2016 IOTSI Workshop Position Papers Some time ago I mentioned the Internet of Things Semantic Interoperability (IOTSI) workshop organised by the IAB. This workshop is important for the work on application data formats, semantic definitions, and interoperability in the Internet of Things space. Jari Arkko IETF Chair 2 Mar 2016 Non-Technical Trends Affecting the IETF This blog post is not about technology. A while ago I asked for volunteers to help us understand some of the non-technical changes around the IETF. Jari Arkko IETF Chair 1 Mar 2016 New Working Groups for IETF-95? Thinking of some new ideas that could be worked on by the IETF? This Friday, February 19th, 23:59 UTC is the deadline to submit proposals for what we call Bird-of-a-Feather (BoF) sessions at IETF-95 in Buenos Aires. Jari Arkko IETF Chair 17 Feb 2016 An Interoperable Internet of Things I cannot think of a better example where interoperability is important than the Internet of Things. Without interoperability, lights won’t work with the switches, sensor’s can’t be read by your smartphone, and devices cannot use the networks around them. Jari Arkko IETF Chair 14 Jan 2016 30 Years of Engineering the Internet The IETF turns 30! As we work on the day-to-day tasks needed to make the Internet work better, or even as we look back over last year and gaze ahead to the year to come, from time-to-time it is useful to consider our work on timescales that are a bit larger. Jari Arkko IETF Chair 13 Jan 2016 Guidance on Face-to-Face and Virtual Interim Meetings This statement provides IESG guidance on interim IETF working group meetings, both face-to-face and virtual. 11 Jan 2016 Year 2015 and Beyond With the year closing, I wanted to make a post highlighting some of the events and hot topics of the year. And say a few words about the challenges that lie ahead. Jari Arkko IETF Chair 29 Dec 2015 IETF Diversity Update It’s been a while since we’ve had a diversity related update and with the approval of the Anti-Harassment BCP and publication of the Independent Stream Editor (ISE) document, RFC7704 it seems timely. Kathleen Moriarty Security Area Director Jari Arkko IETF Chair 4 Dec 2015 Yokohama Summary Perhaps the topmost thing on my mind is how friendly and welcoming place Japan is for the IETF. Jari Arkko IETF Chair 10 Nov 2015 Internet Governance Forum The Internet Governance Forum or IGF is an organisation that enables the discussion of public policy issues pertaining to the Internet. It is an open meeting for many different types of participants ranging from (some) technical community members to governments. 9 Nov 2015 Hacking The Yokohama IETF Hackathon is now in progress! Jari Arkko IETF Chair 31 Oct 2015 Code Sprinting The Yokohama Code Sprint is in progress! There are a few new code sprinters, and part our efforts has been in setting up development environments for them, as well as building a Docker image so that future setup will be easier. Jari Arkko IETF Chair 31 Oct 2015 Welcome to the Yokohama IETF (again!) Welcome to IETF-94, and back to Yokohama! We were here in 2002, yet I remember it like yesterday. The impression left by the scenery, the Japanese friendliness, food, and many other things was lasting! Jari Arkko IETF Chair 30 Oct 2015 Visiting the W3C Meeting Both the IETF and the W3C are meeting in Japan this month. Jari Arkko IETF Chair Heather Flanagan Chair Barry Leiba Liaison Manager Karen O'Donoghue Chair 29 Oct 2015 Improving Security in the Internet: The Diffie-Hellman Case Study A recent paper on shortcomings of Diffie-Hellman key exchange has received attention and raised questions about security on the Internet, as Diffie-Hellman is used for cryptographic handshakes in popular Internet protocols. Paul Wouters Chair Jari Arkko Tech Advisor 22 Oct 2015 Strange but familiar in Dublin We’re both at ICANN 54 in Dublin, and of course a big topic is the IANA transition. Jari Arkko IETF Chair Andrew Sullivan IAB Chair 21 Oct 2015 ICANN54 The ICANN 54 meeting is now starting in Dublin, Ireland. On the agenda are various topics around the IANA stewardship transition. Jari Arkko IETF Chair 17 Oct 2015 Codesprinting in Yokohama 横浜のIETFのためのプログラミング! Jari Arkko IETF Chair 8 Oct 2015 Impressions from the MaRNEW Workshop Claims of encryption having a effect on network bandwidth optimisation methods have been coming thick and fast to the IETF since IETF89. To help understand the real use cases and issues the IAB organised the Managing Radio Networks in an Encrypted World (MaRNEW) Workshop working with the telecoms association, GSMA. Natasha Rooney MaRNEW Co-chair, GSMA 29 Sep 2015 1984 One of the things that can make surveillance too easy is when the technology we use has weaknesses. Jari Arkko IETF Chair 25 Sep 2015 Encryption and Network Management MaRNEW This is a joint workshop between the IAB and the GSMA, and the focus will be on managing networks, particularly mobile ones, under the assumption that much of Internet traffic is or will be encrypted. Jari Arkko IETF Chair 24 Sep 2015 Experiment Ethics and Privacy A key aspect of the IETF is running code, and we often apply our technology in our meetings, or run experiments to determine how well something works or gather information about networks. Jari Arkko IETF Chair 11 Sep 2015 .onion The IETF community approved document using the Special-Use Domain Names registry established by RFC 6761 to register ‘.onion’ as a special-use name. Jari Arkko IETF Chair 10 Sep 2015 Aiming for a standardized, high-quality, royalty-free video codec to remove friction for video over the Internet The NETVC working group aims to create a video codec that can be used in open-source software, in addition to proprietary software and hardware encoders. Adam Roach NETVC Working Group Co-chair 1 Sep 2015 IETF-93 Summary Our meeting in Prague ended last Friday, and I wanted to thank everyone who participated! I hope you all have had an opportunity to return to home and rest after the trip. Jari Arkko IETF Chair 21 Aug 2015 IESG Statement on Maximizing Encrypted Access To IETF Information The IETF has recognised that the act of accessing public information required for routine tasks can be privacy sensitive and can benefit from using a confidentiality service, such as is provided by TLS. [BCP188] Internet Engineering Steering Group 20 Aug 2015 The Full IANA Transition Proposal The combined proposal from three communities has today gone out from the IANA Transition Coordination Group. This is important. Jari Arkko IETF Chair 31 Jul 2015 A Birthday at an IETF meeting Today’s blog post is a story from Adam Roach that he had originally shared on social media. 20 Jul 2015 The Network and Meeting Rooms are Ready The IETF meeting rooms and registration desk are ready for the meetings to start. A lot of activity is already going on on Saturday this time, but actual registration opens on Sunday at 1000 in the Congress Hall Foyer on the Lower Lobby level. Jari Arkko IETF Chair 18 Jul 2015 Welcome to Prague! The IETF is once again in Prague! The city is clearly one of our favourites, given that we’ve been there also in 2007 and 2011. Jari Arkko IETF Chair 17 Jul 2015 Welcome to IETF 90! The 90th IETF starts next Sunday in Toronto, Canada. Canada is one of our favourite places to meet at. Jari Arkko IETF Chair 17 Jul 2015 IANA Stewardship Transition Update from ICANN 53 I would like to update you on the IANA transition, including important events that took place at the 53rd ICANN meeting in Buenos Aires. Jari Arkko IETF Chair 7 Jul 2015 Sudden Changes and IPv6 for Everyone Earlier this week, I was sitting on a train ride through Finland. As usual, my iPad acted as a mobile broadband gateway, and I suddenly realized that my other devices were using IPv6 to reach the Internet through the gateway. Jari Arkko IETF Chair 5 Jul 2015 Buenos Aires, allá vamos! What will our first meeting next year be like? Jari Arkko IETF Chair 3 Jul 2015 Draft deadlines and exceptions Before an IETF meeting, we sometimes receive a few requests to extend the deadlines related to Internet Draft submissions. Jari Arkko IETF Chair 2 Jul 2015 CARIS Workshop Summary and Reflection The Internet Architecture Board (IAB) and the Internet Society (ISOC) hosted day-long Coordinating Attack Response at Internet Scale (CARIS) workshop took place last Friday in coordination with the Forum for Incident Response and Security Teams (FIRST) Conference in Berlin. 25 Jun 2015 IESG Statement on Internet Draft Authorship The IESG has received some reports of IETF participants having been listed as document authors on drafts without their consent ("surprised authorship"). 11 Jun 2015 New Ideas for IETF Education Education and newcomer orientation activities have existed in the IETF in various forms from the early 1990s (if not earlier). As the IETF and the world around us evolves, we are now rethinking what types of activities are best suited for the future. Jari Arkko IETF Chair Mirjam Kuehne EDU Team Nalini Elkins EDU and Mentoring Teams 8 Jun 2015 Code Sprint at IETF 93 We will once again have a Code Sprint in Prague prior to IETF-93. Jari Arkko IETF Chair 2 Jun 2015 New Ideas for IETF 93 This is a good time to submit more new proposals for the IETF! Jari Arkko IETF Chair 2 Jun 2015 IESG Retreat An IETF meeting is a busy time for the Area Directors. We do not have much time for discussing IETF-wide topics or getting to know new team members. Every year we meet for a couple of days as a team, outside the IETF meeting. Jari Arkko IETF Chair 21 May 2015 From NetFlow to IPFIX via PSAMP: 13 years of Standardization Explained The first flow-related BoF (birds of a feather) took place in London in summer 2001 during the IETF meeting 51. Benoit Claise Operations and Management Area Director 20 May 2015 IETF Hackathon On the weekend before the IETF meeting in Prague (July 18-19), we will hold our second IETF Hackathon event at the Hilton Prague. Jari Arkko IETF Chair 17 May 2015 Internet organisations’ coordination meeting This is a brief report from a meeting between a number of Internet organisations that took place last week in London. Jari Arkko IETF Chair 5 May 2015 Retreats 2015 Every year, IETF’s leadership groups (IAB, IESG, IAOC) meet for retreats. This year all the three groups meet in London. Jari Arkko IETF Chair 4 May 2015 End-to-End Message Encryption — Can it be done? End-to-end (e2e) encryption for email is hard. We know this from OpenPGP and S/MIME efforts with the main problem being around obtaining, installing, and exchanging keys. Kathleen Moriarty Security Area Director 30 Apr 2015 Internet Security vs. Quantum Computing One of the great scientific challenges of our time is the construction of a practical quantum computer. Russ Housley Chair Dr. David A. McGrew 22 Apr 2015 IANA Protocol Parameters Explained You may have heard about the IANA transition, or to be more precise, about the transition of US government oversight relating to IANA. In March 2014, the US government announced their intent to relinquish their role to the multistakeholder Internet community. Jari Arkko IETF Chair 20 Apr 2015 Plurilingüe IETF La semana pasada, al hablar de Internet abierta para un evento de Gobernanza en Moscú, Jari se reunió con gente del Capítulo Rusia de Internet Society. Jari Arkko IETF Chair Alvaro Retana Routing Area Director 19 Apr 2015 New Datatracker UI The upgrade to the datatracker UI mentioned in plenary at IETF 92 has just been released. This effort has been underway for more than a year. Robert Sparks Datatracker Project Manager 15 Apr 2015 Monikielinen IETF Last week, while speaking about open Internet in Moscow for an Internet Governance event, Jari met with folks from the Internet Society Russia Chapter. They had recently made a translation of the IETF Journal to Russian! Jari Arkko IETF Chair Alvaro Retana Routing Area Director 15 Apr 2015 RFC 1 April 7 marks the anniversary of the publication of the first RFC. Jari Arkko IETF Chair 7 Apr 2015 Thoughts from IETF 92 Thank you all for a wonderful meeting. I wanted to thank all the sponsors and participants, and our host Google for their support. And the wonderful social event. Well done, you all! Jari Arkko IETF Chair 30 Mar 2015 New Internet Engineering Steering Group and Internet Architecture Board Members Selected Newly selected members of the Internet Architecture Board (IAB) and the Internet Engineering Steering Committee (IESG) met in person for the first time during the 92nd Internet Engineering Task Force Meeting this week in Dallas, Texas. 25 Mar 2015 Coordinating Incident Response at Internet Scale (CARIS) Coordinating incident response at Internet scale as a concept sounds fabulous, but can we achieve it? What will it take? Kathleen Moriarty Security Area Director 21 Mar 2015 Behind the Scenes First things first, the network for IETF-92 is up and works well! Both the meeting area and hotel room networks are operational. Jari Arkko IETF Chair 20 Mar 2015 10 Days to IETF 92 There is just 10 days until our next meeting begins, in Dallas, Texas. This is our third visit to Dallas Jari Arkko IETF Chair 11 Mar 2015 IETF Tools and Dallas We will once again have a Code Sprint, now in Dallas prior to IETF-92. Jari Arkko IETF Chair 10 Mar 2015 Ensuring Continuity of the IANA Registries One question that often comes up regarding the IANA Stewardship transition is how to ensure that the IANA protocol parameter registries continue to serve the worldwide Internet community. Jari Arkko IETF Chair Russ Housley IAB Chair 22 Feb 2015 HTTP/2 Approved After more than two years of discussion, over 200 design issues, 17 drafts, and 30 implementations, the HTTP/2 and HPACK specifications have now been approved by the IETF’s steering group for publication as standards-track RFCs. Mark Nottingham HTTPBIS Working Group Chair Barry Leiba Applications Area Director 18 Feb 2015 New Proposals for IETF 92 The deadline for submitting proposals for new working groups for IETF-92 is approaching fast. Jari Arkko IETF Chair 3 Feb 2015 SEMI Workshop I’m on the train this morning after the two-day Stack Evolution in a Middlebox Internet (SEMI) workshop at the Swiss Federal Institute of Technology (ETH) in Zürich. Russ Housley IAB Chair 3 Feb 2015 Like a DART: Moving rapidly from a need to a solution for WebRTC In less than 9 months–representing just two IETF meeting cycles–the DiffServ Applied to Real-time Transports (DART) working group (WG) moved from a concept to Internet Engineering Steering Group (IESG) approval of the Internet Draft it was chartered to produce. Ben Campbell Chair David L. Black Tech Advisor 26 Jan 2015 IETF turns 29 The IETF traces its start back to a meeting that took place 29 years ago today, January 16th. Happy birthday, IETF! Jari Arkko IETF Chair 16 Jan 2015 Taking a Step towards IANA Transition Protocol parameters such as port numbers are an integral part of technical specifications that the IETF produces and developers implement. Along with naming and numbering functions, protocol parameters are maintained through IANA. 8 Jan 2015 IETF IANA Transition Proposal Last Call In March the US government announced their intent to move their role in overseeing the IANA system to the Internet community. Since the announcement, the communities impacted by IANA functions have been working hard to develop a transition proposal. Jari Arkko IETF Chair 28 Nov 2014 YANG Really Takes Off in the Industry Just after the IETF 90 meeting last July, I posted this “YANG Takes Off in the Industry” blog. Benoit Claise Operations and Management Area Director 27 Nov 2014 IETF 91 Summary Our meeting in Honolulu is over. How did it go? Let us know. In the following I have collected some of my own observations. Jari Arkko IETF Chair 21 Nov 2014 MAC Privacy This week at IETF91 we carried out an experiment to randomize Wi-Fi MAC addresses of users to improve privacy. 15 Nov 2014 Exploring the IETF New to the IETF, or exploring new topics for your work? I wanted to point people to the various introductory sessions and materials that we have about the IETF and Internet technology. Jari Arkko IETF Chair 9 Nov 2014 Welcome to IETF 91! I wanted to welcome everyone to the 91st IETF meeting that is starting tomorrow, November 9th, here in Honolulu, Hawaii. I also wanted to welcome our remote attendees! Jari Arkko IETF Chair 8 Nov 2014 Getting Visas to an IETF Meeting We wanted to let you know that a number of Chinese participants have had trouble for getting visas to this meeting. Jari Arkko IETF Chair Chris Griffiths IAOC Chair Michael Richardson Nomcom Chair 8 Nov 2014 Networks in Paradise! (or It's Christmas for the NOC!) The network for the IETF is a bit of a unique beast. Jim Martin 7 Nov 2014 Honolulu IETF Hot Topics The IETF meeting in Honolulu starts a week from now. Jari Arkko IETF Chair 1 Nov 2014 IANA Stewardship Transition at ICANN 51 I thought it might be useful to provide a brief summary of some of the things that have happened in the past week related to the transition of the IANA Stewardship. Jari Arkko IETF Chair 23 Oct 2014 Hawaii BoF Proposals Due Soon New IETF work begins often as a proposed new working group, through something called a Birds-of-a-Feather (BoF) session. 22 Sep 2014 Hawaii Code Sprint We will once again have a Code Sprint in Honolulu prior to IETF-91. Jari Arkko IETF Chair 19 Sep 2014 IANA Transition Update The transition of NTIA’s stewardship of IANA has been discussed extensively. Just last week there was a meeting of the IANA Stewardship Transition Coordination Group or ICG. Jari Arkko IETF Chair 10 Sep 2014 Celebrating the Importance of OpenStand The OpenStand approach to creating global standards has never been more relevant—or important—than it is today. Russ Housley IAB Chair 28 Aug 2014 Mailing Lists: What works, what doesn’t? The IETF has had another lively discussion about mailing list usage in the ietf@ietf.org mailing list, followed by a long plenary debate on how to make it more useful to the community. Kathleen Moriarty Security Area Director 18 Aug 2014 YANG Takes Off in the Industry In 2003, RFC 3535, “Overview of the 2002 IAB Network Management Workshop” documented the outcomes of a dialog started between network operators and protocol developers to guide the IETFs focus on future work regarding network management. Benoit Claise Operations and Management Area Director 31 Jul 2014 IETF 90 Summary IETF-90 is over and I wanted to provide a summary of what I saw in the meeting. Jari Arkko IETF Chair 29 Jul 2014 Robots are taking over the IETF We have built a lot of support for remote attendance in the IETF, but this week I saw something new. 26 Jul 2014 Plan for IANA On Thursday morning of the IETF 90 meeting, we had a Birds of a Feather (BoF) session called IANAPLAN: Planning for the IANA/NTIA Transition. Jari Arkko IETF Chair 25 Jul 2014 IESG Statement on Designating RFCs as Historic RFC 2026 defines a "Historic" status for documents: A specification that has been superseded by a more recent specification or is for any other reason considered to be obsolete is assigned to the "Historic" level. Internet Engineering Steering Group 20 Jul 2014 ICANN and Transition of NTIA’s Stewardship Last week, I visited the ICANN50 meeting in London. The meeting was held at a location well known to us at the IETF – the Hilton London Metropole. Jari Arkko IETF Chair 2 Jul 2014 IETF 90 BoFs For every IETF meeting, the steering group receives a number of proposals for new work. Not all new work in the IETF has to go through a public meeting to be accepted. Jari Arkko IETF Chair 17 Jun 2014 IETF 90 BoF Deadline Coming Up New IETF work begins often as a proposed new working group, through something called a Birds-of-a-Feather (BoF) session. Jari Arkko IETF Chair 5 Jun 2014 Retreat and LACNIC During an IETF meeting, the IESG and IAB members are busy with what is going on in our areas, and we have little time to talk to each other. But we organise yearly retreats where we get to talk to each other, and can tackle issues beyond the usual daily ones. Jari Arkko IETF Chair 22 May 2014 DISCUSS Criteria in IESG Review This document describes the role of the 'DISCUSS' position in the IESG review process. It gives some guidance on when a DISCUSS should and should not be issued. It also discusses procedures for DISCUSS resolution. Internet Engineering Steering Group 7 May 2014 NETmundial Summary The NETmundial meeting was held last week in São Paulo, Brazil. I wanted to provide a brief report of my view of the meeting and its outcome. Jari Arkko IETF Chair 2 May 2014 IANA Changes Process I have previously talked about the upcoming changes at IANA. Jari Arkko IETF Chair 1 May 2014 NETmundial The two-day NETmundial conference that starts on Wednesday. Me, Russ, and several other IETFers are attending this event. 20 Apr 2014 New TLDs The previous blog post talked about the IANA discussions at the ICANN meeting. But of course that was not the only topic that we talked about. 3 Apr 2014 IANA Changes Two weeks ago there was an announcement from the US government regarding their role in managing IANA. 1 Apr 2014 Internet Technical Leaders Welcome IANA Globalization Progress The leaders of the Internet technical organizations responsible for coordination of the Internet infrastructure (IETF, IAB, RIRs, ccTLD ROs, ICANN, ISOC, and W3C), welcome the US Government’s announcement of the suggested changes related to the IANA functions contract. 24 Mar 2014 IETF 89 Videos I wanted to share two excellent videos in this post. 24 Mar 2014 Web Anniversary Today I would like to celebrate the anniversaries of the World Wide Web (25 years) and W3C (20 years). 11 Mar 2014 IETF 89 Summary With the IETF week over, I wanted to write a brief summary of the main discussions. And what a week! I spent ten days in London due to a workshop preceding the IETF and even some meetings that took place after the IETF. 10 Mar 2014 Writable MIB Module IESG Statement The IESG is aware of discussions in the OPS area and in a number of working groups about the current practice for standards-based approaches to configuration. Internet Engineering Steering Group 2 Mar 2014 Welcome to IETF 89! The IETF-89 meeting is starting a week from now in London, UK. This is our second time in London. Our previous visit was IETF-51 in August 2001. 24 Feb 2014 Views on Internet Technology Adoption The IETF’s relevance in the marketplace was the subject of a workshop held by the IAB in December in Cambridge UK on Internet Technology Adoption and Transition (ITAT). 9 Feb 2014 Celebrating Data Privacy Day Today is International Data Privacy Day, and I wanted to let Alissa Cooper say a few words about how we are working on privacy topics at the IETF. - Jari Arkko, IETF Chair 28 Jan 2014 HTTP 2.0 I wanted to draw attention to Mark Nottingham’s excellent blog article about strengthening HTTP. 9 Jan 2014 IANA In this article I wanted to highlight an important but often hidden part in the IETF ecosystem: Internet Assigned Numbers Authority (IANA). Jari Arkko IETF Chair 3 Jan 2014 2013 Review The last days of the year seems like a good opportunity to reflect on some of things that happened during 2013. Jari Arkko IETF Chair 30 Dec 2013 We Will Strengthen the Internet Wow what a week! Working with Internet technology often involves details deep inside the technology. But it seems that this week has been a perfect storm of highly visible and important technical developments: Jari Arkko IETF Chair 8 Nov 2013 Les leaders en ingénierie décident de mettre à jour des normes afin d’améliorer la confidentialité et la sécurité sur Internet L’IETF a suscité un large consensus pour l’amélioration de la sécurité des protocoles Internet en réponse à la surveillance omniprésente 7 Nov 2013 Destacados ingenieros coinciden en que hay que actualizar las normas para mejorar la seguridad y privacidad en Internet Amplio consenso de la IETF por mejorar la seguridad de los protocolos de Internet en respuesta a la vigilancia generalizada 7 Nov 2013 Leading Engineers Agree to Upgrade Standards to Improve Internet Privacy and Security IETF reaches broad consensus to improve the security of Internet protocols to respond to pervasive surveillance 7 Nov 2013 Strengthening the Internet Reports about pervasive surveillance have been the big discussion topic in the Internet community in the last couple of months. Our commerce, business, and personal communications all depend on the Internet being secure and trusted, so the situation is disturbing. Jari Arkko IETF Chair Stephen Farrell Security Area Director Sean Turner Security Area Director 6 Nov 2013 Piloting a University Outreach Programme Many students were brought to IETF 87 by a pilot university outreach programme, run by ISOC with 15 universities in Germany and Austria. 4 Nov 2013 IETF Anti-Harassment Policy This IESG statement explains that the IETF strives to create and maintain an environment in which people of many different backgrounds are treated with dignity, decency, and respect. 3 Nov 2013 Network is Up! The IETF network for the meeting is up. Even the network in the hotel rooms switched to IETF network by mid-Friday. Everything is ready for the IETFers to come! Jari Arkko IETF Chair 2 Nov 2013 Welcome to IETF 88! The IETF-88 meeting is starting next week in Vancouver. Vancouver is a long-time IETF favourite city, as this will be our fifth time there. And we were there just last year. Vancouver works well for the IETF, and I’m very happy to return again! Jari Arkko IETF Chair 30 Oct 2013 Huawei Hosts 88th Internet Engineering Task Force Meeting More than 1200 top engineers and technologists will assemble to advance the development of open Internet standards 29 Oct 2013 Future Identifiers When I visited the ICANN meeting last summer, they were about to launch a set of panels to advice themselves about strategic topics in coming years. Those panels are now operational. 29 Oct 2013 Plenary on Internet Hardening As I mentioned in “Security and Pervasive Monitoring” article in September, the IETF community has expressed concerned about the large-scale monitoring of Internet traffic. 29 Oct 2013 Speeches I visited the RIPE meeting and IGF meetings recently, and wanted to post two speeches that I held in these events. 22 Oct 2013 China Last week I toured China, talking to the local IETF contributors. And there are so many! I talked to people from equipment vendors, operators, researcher institutions, and local standards organisations. Jari Arkko IETF Chair 19 Sep 2013 Security and Pervasive Monitoring The Internet community and the IETF care deeply about how much we can trust commonly used Internet services and the protocols that these services use. 7 Sep 2013 Vancouver It seems like yesterday when we were in Berlin, but I wanted to highlight that our Vancouver meeting is coming up soon. 3 Sep 2013 Meeting Summary The IETF meeting in Berlin is now over. I hope everyone has been able to return home safely, and that you all can enjoy at least a weekend if not some vacation time after a busy meeting week. 7 Aug 2013 A Diverse IETF I wanted to return to a topic that we have talked about before: increasing diversity at the IETF. 29 Jul 2013 The Role of Working Groups A while ago I wrote about the issue of the IETF document process being quite heavy-weight in its final stages. Documents go through a lot of review and changes in their last few months. Some of this is natural as the document gains more exposure. 28 Jul 2013 A Different Internet This week I’m visiting the ICANN meeting in Durban, South Africa. It has been an opportunity to meet many interesting people and get a glimpse of the issues that other important organisations in the Internet ecosystem deal with. 17 Jul 2013 The Web of Things The Internet of Things is about embedding communications technology in all objects that can benefit from it, from cars to buildings, everyday objects and even materials. This is an ongoing revolution in the scope and scale of networking. 15 Jul 2013 Welcome to IETF-87! In two weeks, we will have the IETF-87 meeting in Berlin! The previous time IETF was in Germany was in August 1997 in Munich – that was too long ago and it is a pleasure to be back! Jari Arkko IETF Chair 12 Jul 2013 Permissionless Innovation I would like to talk about standards and what kind of approaches are suitable for developing them when it comes to Internet technology and applications. 13 May 2013 Balancing the Process One of the most rewarding parts of my job is talking to various IETF contributors or people who rely on our results, and trying to understand their experiences about the IETF process and what kinds of technical topics they expect us to tackle. This article focuses on the process aspects. 1 May 2013 Diversity Diversity has been a recent big discussion topic at the IETF. Many of us have participated in this discussion, but I also wanted to bring it up here in the blog. 17 Apr 2013 Bits-n-Bites on Video I wanted to return to the topic of Bits-n-Bites which we briefly reported on already earlier. Dan York and Paul Brigner from ISOC shot a few videos of some of the interesting demos, and the videos are now available below. 9 Apr 2013 Bits-n-Bites at IETF 86 As we were preparing for the Orlando meeting, we talked about ways to make the Bits-N-Bites program more dynamic and provide a place for the IETF community to perform experimentation and get running code in a production like network setting. Chris Griffiths IETF Participant 17 Mar 2013 Internet Engineering Task Force and Internet Architecture Board Announce New Leadership Teams IETF participants define the standards for the global network that connects more than 2 billion people 13 Mar 2013 Running Code at IETF 86 Our meeting in Orlando ended on Friday. I thought it was a very successful meeting, and brought up many new topics that we should pursue. 13 Mar 2013 Welcome to IETF 86! I would like to welcome you all to Orlando, where the 86th IETF meeting starts on Sunday! 8 Mar 2013 IETF Challenges The previous article talked about how exciting and important the work at the IETF is. And it is. But there are also challenges, both for the Internet as a whole and for us at the IETF. Jari Arkko IETF Chair 2 Mar 2013 Chair's Blog Welcome to a new publication from the IETF, a blog from the (incoming) IETF chair! Jari Arkko IETF Chair 22 Feb 2013 IESG Statement on Ethertypes The IEEE Registration Authority (IEEE RA) assigns Ethertypes with oversight from the IEEE Registration Authority Committee (IEEE RAC). Internet Engineering Steering Group 25 Oct 2012 IESG Statement on Removal of an Internet-Draft from the IETF Web Site Internet-Drafts (I-Ds) are working documents of the IETF. RFC 2026, BCP 9, describes the purpose of I-Ds, and it also provides some policies that govern the I-D Repository. Internet Engineering Steering Group 25 Oct 2012 Leading Global Standards Organizations Endorse 'OpenStand' Principles that Drive Innovation and Borderless Commerce IEEE, IAB, IETF, Internet Society and W3C Invite Other Standards Organizations, Governments and Companies to Support Modern Paradigm for Global, Open Standards 12 Aug 2012 IESG Statement on Designating RFCs as Historic NOTE: This IESG Statement is superseded by the IESG Statement "IESG Statement on Designating RFCs as Historic" dated 20 July 2014. Internet Engineering Steering Group 20 Oct 2011 IESG Statement on Designating RFCs as Historic NOTE: This IESG Statement is superseded by the IESG Statement "IESG Statement on Designating RFCs as Historic" dated 20 July 2014. Internet Engineering Steering Group 27 Jun 2011 IESG Statement on IESG Processing of RFC Errata concerning RFC Metadata This IESG statement describes the manner in which the IESG will process RFC Errata concerning RFC Metadata [RFC5741]. Internet Engineering Steering Group 13 Jun 2011 IESG Statement on Document Shepherds This statement provides guidance from the IESG on selection of a Document Shepherd for documents from IETF working groups and documents from individuals. Internet Engineering Steering Group 11 Oct 2010 IESG Statement on the Usage of Assignable Codepoints, Addresses and Names in Specification Examples Protocol specifications and other documents intended for RFC publication often include useful examples with correctly formatted and syntactically valid codepoints, addresses or names. Internet Engineering Steering Group 24 May 2010 IESG Statement on NomCom Eligibility and Day Passes RFC 3777 requires that voting members of the nominating committee (NomCom) be selected from volunteers that have attended at least three of the last five IETF meetings. Internet Engineering Steering Group 24 May 2010 IESG Statement on Copyright This IESG Statement obsoletes all earlier IESG Statements regarding Copyright statements in MIB and PIB Modules. Internet Engineering Steering Group 8 Sep 2009 Proposed Status for IETF Documents Reserving Resources for Example Purposes This IESG Statement deals with the proposed status for IETF documents reserving values, numbers, addresses, etc. for example purposes. In this statement we use the term 'resources' for these values, numbers, addresses, etc. Internet Engineering Steering Group 20 Jan 2009 Guidance on Interim Meetings, Conference Calls and Jabber Sessions NOTE: This IESG Statement is superseded by the IESG Statement "Guidance on Face-to-Face and Virtual Interim Meetings" dated 11 January 2016. Internet Engineering Steering Group 2 Sep 2008 IESG Processing of RFC Errata for the IETF Stream The [below] describes the manner in which the IESG will be processing RFC Errata for the IETF Stream. The current tools on the RFC Editor site support "approved" and "rejected", but they need to be updated to also permit "hold for document update" as errata states. Internet Engineering Steering Group 30 Jul 2008 IESG Statement on Spam Control on IETF Mailing Lists The following principles apply to spam control on IETF mailing lists: Internet Engineering Steering Group 14 Apr 2008 IESG Statement on Registration Requests for URIs Containing Telephone Numbers RFC4395: Guidelines and Registration Procedures for New URI Schemes Internet Engineering Steering Group 3 Mar 2008 IESG Statement on RFC3406 and URN Namespaces Registry Review RFC 3406: URN Namespace Definitions Internet Engineering Steering Group 27 Feb 2008 Advice for WG Chairs Dealing with Off-Topic Postings Managing off-topic postings to IETF Working Group (WG) mail lists is challenging. Internet Engineering Steering Group 23 Jan 2008 On Appeals of IESG and Area Director Actions and Decisions The IESG re-affirms that its reading of RFC 2026 is that any action made by an Area Director or the IESG may be made the subject of the conflict resolution mechanisms set out in Section 6.5 of RFC 2026. Internet Engineering Steering Group 4 Oct 2007 Experimental Specification of New Congestion Control Algorithms This document describes the process that the IETF transport area directors employ when new congestion control algorithms that differ significantly from currently-published IETF standards are brought to the IETF for specification and publication as Experimental RFCs. Internet Engineering Steering Group 5 Jul 2007 Guidance on Area Director Sponsoring of Documents This statement discusses the process related to "individual submissions", publication of RFCs by finding a sponsoring Area Director to take it through IETF and Internet Engineering Steering Group (IESG) review. This statement covers both the the processing in the IESG as well as guidance on when such sponsoring is appropriate. Internet Engineering Steering Group 20 Mar 2007 Last Call Guidance to the Community Under RFC 2026, the IESG issues Last Calls to the IETF community for all draft Standards Track and BCP documents, and for selected draft Informational and Experimental documents. Internet Engineering Steering Group 15 Jan 2007 IESG Statement: Normative and Informative References Nearly all RFCs contain citations to other documents, and these are listed in a References section near the end of the RFC. Internet Engineering Steering Group 19 Apr 2006 IESG Statement on Disruptive Posting The IESG today makes the following statement, but will welcome community feedback on it. Internet Engineering Steering Group 17 Feb 2006 Guidance for Spam Control on IETF Mailing Lists NOTE: This IESG Statement is superseded by the IESG Statement "IESG Statement on Spam Control on IETF Mailing Lists" dated 14 April 2008. Internet Engineering Steering Group 9 Jan 2006 IESG Statement on AUTH48 State The IESG has decided that as of now, any IESG-approved drafts that enter the AUTH48 state, where the RFC Editor waits for final text approval from all listed authors, may be released on the responsible AD's authority if any authors have not responded after a reasonable time, typically two weeks. Internet Engineering Steering Group 5 Jan 2006 Syntax for Format Definitions The IESG does not prescribe the use of any single syntax for format definitions. Internet Engineering Steering Group 12 May 2005 IESG Statement on IDN IDNA [IDNA] specifies an encoding of characters in the Unicode character repertoire [UNICODE] which is backwards-compatible with the current definition of hostnames. Internet Engineering Steering Group 11 Feb 2003 Copyright Statement in MIB and PIB Modules NOTE: This IESG Statement is superseded by the IESG Statement "IESG Statement on Copyright" dated 8 September 2009. Internet Engineering Steering Group 27 Nov 2002 Guidance for Spam Control on IETF Mailing Lists NOTE: This IESG Statement is superseded by the IESG Statement "IESG Statement on Spam Control on IETF Mailing Lists" dated 14 April 2008. Internet Engineering Steering Group 13 Mar 2002 On Design Teams Design teams are mentioned in The Working Group Guidelines RFC (RFC 2418) as follows: Internet Engineering Steering Group 21 Dec 2001 Guidelines for the Use of Formal Languages in IETF Specifications This temporary guideline has been prepared by the IESG in response to a specific case; it is intended that it be put into an internet-draft and progressed as an IETF consensus position. Internet Engineering Steering Group 1 Oct 2001 Establishment of Temporary Sub-IP Area NOTE: This statement formed the Sub-IP Area, and this Area has subsequently been closed Internet Engineering Steering Group 21 Mar 2001 Plans to Organize "Sub-IP" Technologies in the IETF Two weeks ago I sent a message informing the community of some plans to improve the organization of some significant work going on in the IETF on "sub-ip" technologies. Internet Engineering Steering Group 6 Dec 2000 A New IETF Work Area Traditionally the IETF has focused its efforts "above the wire and below the application." Internet Engineering Steering Group 20 Nov 2000 Guidance on Interim IETF Working Group Meetings and Conference Calls NOTE: This IESG Statement is superseded by the IESG Statement "Guidance on Interim Meetings, Conference Calls and Jabber Sessions" dated 2 September 2008. Internet Engineering Steering Group 29 Aug 2000 IESG Guidance on the Moderation of IETF Working Group Mailing Lists In some cases, it is necessary and appropriate to moderate IETF mailing lists. 1 Aug 2000 Close blog listing CATEGORIES All News Blog IESG Statements TOPICS All IESG-Procedures IESG-MailingList Internet of Things Operations and Management Area IESG-Technical Applications and Real-Time Area General Area IESG-Meetings Security Area (sec) CATEGORIES All News Blog IESG Statements TOPICS All IESG-Procedures IESG-MailingList Internet of Things Operations and Management Area IESG-Technical Applications and Real-Time Area General Area IESG-Meetings Security Area (sec) IETF News IESG Processing of RFC Errata for the IETF Stream Internet Engineering Steering Group 30 Jul 2008 The [below] describes the manner in which the IESG will be processing RFC Errata for the IETF Stream. The current tools on the RFC Editor site support "approved" and "rejected", but they need to be updated to also permit "hold for document update" as errata states. These are strong guidelines and not immutable rules. Common sense and good judgment should be used by the IESG to decide what is the right thing to do. Errata are meant to fix "bugs" in the specification and should not be used to change what the community meant when it approved the RFC. These guidelines only apply to errata on RFCs in the IETF stream. They apply to new errata and not errata that have already been approved. After an erratum is reported, a report will be sent to the authors, chairs, and Area Directors (ADs) of the WG in which it originated. If the WG has closed or the document was not associated with a WG, then the report will be sent to the ADs for the Area most closely associated to the subject matter. The ADs are responsible for ensuring review; they may delegate the review or perform it personally. The reviewer will classify the erratum as falling under one of the following states: Verified - The erratum is appropriate under the criteria below and should be available to implementors or people deploying the RFC. Rejected - The erratum is in error, or proposes a change to the RFC that should be done by publishing a new RFC that replaces the current RFC. In the latter case, if the change is to be considered for future updates of the document, it should be proposed using channels other than the errata process, such as a WG mailing list. Hold for Document Update - The erratum is not a necessary update to the RFC. However, any future update of the document might consider this erratum, and determine whether it is correct and merits including in the update. Guidelines for review are: Only errors that could cause implementation or deployment problems or significant confusion should be Verified. Things that are clearly wrong but could not cause an implementation or deployment problem should be Hold for Document Update. Errata on obsolete RFCs should be treated the same as errata on RFCs that are not obsolete where there is strong evidence that some people are still making use of the related technology. Trivial grammar corrections should be Hold for Document Update. Typographical errors which would not cause any confusions to implementation or deployments should be Hold for Document Update. Changes which are simply stylistic issues or simply make things read better should be Hold for Document Update. Changes that modify the working of a protocol to something that might be different from the intended consensus when the document was approved should be either Hold for Document Update or Rejected. Deciding between these two depends on judgment. Changes that are clearly modifications to the intended consensus, or involve large textual changes, should be Rejected. In unclear situations, small changes can be Hold for Document Update. Changes that modify the working of a process, such as changing an IANA registration procedure, to something that might be different from the intended consensus when the document was approved should be Rejected. Consolidation One of the tasks of the IAB is to look at trends affecting the Internet. Recently, we've been discussing traffic flows and popular applications on the Internet, and the role of smaller vs. larger players in the Internet ecosystem. Internet Architecture Board 4 Mar 2018 New Work at IETF 101 A slate of new work proposals have been approved for scheduling at the upcoming IETF 101 meeting. Alissa Cooper IETF Chair 17 Feb 2018 The Blind Men and the Elephant Bufferbloat is responsible for much of the poor performance seen in the Internet today and causes latency (called “lag” by gamers) even by your own routine web browsing and video playing. Jim Gettys Chair 10 Feb 2018 Bangkok selected for IETF 103 The IAOC is pleased to announce Bangkok, Thailand as the site for IETF 103 from November 3 - 9, 2018. IETF Administrative Director 2 Feb 2018 NomCom 2017-2018: Announcement of NomCom selections As chair of the 2017-2018 NomCom, it gives me great pleasure to announce the results of the NomCom selection process for all positions to serve for the 2018-2020 cycle. Peter Yee Nomcom Chair 30 Jan 2018 CoDel: Improved networking through adaptively managed router queues Internet routers must be able to buffer packets: buffering acts like a shock absorber for transient overloads that arise when the input link is faster than the output link or packets arrive simultaneously on different links bound for the same destination. Van Jacobson Dr. Kathleen M. Nichols Chair 27 Jan 2018 IETF 101 BoF Deadline The deadline to submit Birds of a Feather (BoF) proposals for IETF 101 is rapidly approaching: Friday, February 2 at 23:59 UTC. Alissa Cooper IETF Chair 22 Jan 2018 Internet Governance Forum 2017 The Internet Governance Forum’s meetings bring together Internet user communities, businesses, technical folk, and a set of UN and government bodies. Alissa Cooper IETF Chair Ted Hardie IAB Chair 9 Jan 2018 IETF Website Status Update Thanks to everyone who provided further input about the revamped www.ietf.org website around IETF 100. Russ Housley IETF Website Revamp Project Manager 18 Dec 2017 YANG Data Models in the Industry: Current State of Affairs (November 2017) For years, the IETF has been driving the industry transition from an overloaded Software Defined Networking (SDN) buzzword to data modeling-driven management. Benoit Claise Operations and Management Area Director 11 Dec 2017 Participating in the IETF Hackathon from Mauritius Hackers.mu is a developer group based in Mauritius made up of a wide range of people from different backgrounds: high school students, university students, professional engineers, and advisors to the minister of ICT. Loganaden Velvindron 7 Dec 2017 Highlights from IETF 100 IETF 100 wrapped up just over a week ago in steamy Singapore. In addition to our usual productive working group sessions, hallway conversations, and ad hoc collaboration, we took the opportunity to mark the milestone of the 100th meeting with looks backward and forward in the IETF’s trajectory (plus some bubbles and sweets) at the plenary session. Alissa Cooper IETF Chair 27 Nov 2017 YANG Catalog Latest Developments (IETF 100 Hackathon) The YANG team delivered again at the IETF 100 hackathon. With our goal to help YANG model users and designers, we developed new automation tools. Benoit Claise Operations and Management Area Director 22 Nov 2017 IETF 100 Preview IETF 100 is just around the corner. It will offer all the usual opportunities for high-bandwidth exchange among IETF participants and collaboration around specs, coding and interop work. Alissa Cooper IETF Chair 8 Nov 2017 Privacy and Trustworthiness for Web Notifications RFC 8188 builds on existing protocols to provide a new option for delivering trustworthy messages containing confidential information over the Internet. Martin Thomson IETF Participant 18 Oct 2017 ENAME Workshop A highly interactive workshop organized by the Internet Architecture Board raises important issues and generates ideas for significant follow-on work. Dr. Ted Hardie IAB Chair 17 Oct 2017 New work at IETF 100 Birds of a Feather sessions (BoFs) are initial, informal, in-person discussions about a particular the topic of interest to the IETF community. BoFs may or may not lead to establishing an IETF Working Group. Alissa Cooper IETF Chair 14 Oct 2017 Vancouver selected for IETF 107 The IAOC is pleased to announce Vancouver, BC, Canada as the site for IETF 107 from March 21 - 27, 2020. IETF Administrative Director 6 Oct 2017 The New RFC Editor Website In early 2002, the RFC Editor revised their website look and feel to one that would stay essentially unchanged for the next 13 years. Heather Flanagan RFC Series Editor 3 Oct 2017 Interim IETF Administrative Director hired! I am pleased to share that the IAOC has successfully concluded its search for an interim IETF Administrative Director. Leslie Daigle IAOC Chair 28 Sep 2017 Strengthening Internet Security and Accommodating Data Center Requirements: Finding a Path Forward With the intention to encourage the development of a solution to an issue currently under discussion within an IETF working group, I wanted to offer a personal view of a possible ways forward. Kathleen Moriarty IETF Participant 18 Sep 2017 IETF 99 Wrap Up IETF Internet Area Director Suresh Krishnan provides a brief wrap up from IETF 99. Suresh Krishnan Internet Area Director 26 Jul 2017 IETF 99 Preview IETF 99 is about to kick off in Prague, Czech Republic. There is lots of exciting work going on across more than 100 working groups, plus Birds-of-a-Feather (BoF) sessions, plenary talks, and other meetings. Alissa Cooper IETF Chair 15 Jul 2017 Seeking community feedback on revamp of www.ietf.org There has been a lot of progress on the project to revamp of the www.ietf.org website. Russ Housley IETF Website Revamp Project Manager 14 Jul 2017 At Long Last, A Revised Patent Policy for IETF: What’s Behind BCP79bis? Working on technical standards in the computing, communications and networking industries often involves dealing with patents. Like most standards-development organizations (SDOs), the IETF has policies that deal with patents covering IETF protocols, specifications and standards. Scott O. Bradner Tech Advisor Jorge Contreras 14 Jul 2017 5G and Internet Technology 5G is the latest generation of cellular network standards. There’s a tremendous amount of activity around it in the industry. But how does 5G relate to Internet technology? Are there 5G-related work items that the IETF should be working on, for instance? Jari Arkko IAB Member Jeff Tantsura IAB Member 16 Jun 2017 What does “Internet Access” mean? On the joint day of the the recent IESG and IAB retreats, the group discussed a number of topics related to network operator activities for encrypted flows. Ted Hardie IAB Chair 12 Jun 2017 Working Together with 3GPP on 5G Last week I had the opportunity to participate at the 3GPP plenary meeting in West Palm Beach, Florida, USA, at the invitation of the 3GPP liaison to the IETF, Georg Mayer. Alissa Cooper IETF Chair 12 Jun 2017 New Work at Upcoming IETF 99 Meeting Before each IETF meeting, the Internet Engineering Steering Group (IESG) collects proposals for new working groups. We decide which ones are ready for community discussion on the IETF meeting agenda, with input from the Internet Architecture Board (IAB).. Alissa Cooper IETF Chair 11 Jun 2017 Increasing capabilities of advanced automatic crash notifications Recently published IETF RFCs aim to expand the capabilities of such services, and to make them more broadly implementable. Randall Gellens WG Participant Brian Rosen WG Participant 8 Jun 2017 IETF Profile: Mirja Kühlewind Periodic posts on the IETF Blog highlight individuals who serve in IETF leadership roles, people who have recently begun working in the IETF, and organizations that make the work of the IETF possible. Greg Wood Tech Advisor 1 Jun 2017 IESG Retreat The IESG held its annual retreat last week, meeting one day jointly with the IAB and two days on our own in Montreal, Canada. Alissa Cooper IETF Chair 25 May 2017 Routing Area Update after IETF 98 As Routing Area Directors, we have now made it a habit to share some of our thoughts after each IETF meeting. This is a short summary of some of the highlights from the recent one in Chicago. Alia Atlas Routing Area Director Alvaro Retana Routing Area Director Deborah Brungard Routing Area Director 10 May 2017 Looking Ahead, Facing Change About a month ago I officially took on the role of IETF Chair. Alissa Cooper IETF Chair 9 May 2017 Internet Architecture Board and Internet Engineering Steering Group Seat Members for 2017-2018 Newly selected members of the Internet Architecture Board (IAB) and the Internet Engineering Steering Committee (IESG) were officially seated in their new roles during the 98th Internet Engineering Task Force Meeting held in Chicago on 26-31 March 2107. 21 Apr 2017 YANG Catalog Latest Development (IETF 98 Hackathon) The IETF 98 is now over. This was a successful IETF meeting in multiple ways, one of which is the IETF Hackathon, two days of hacking on Saturday/Sunday. Benoit Claise Operations and Management Area Director 14 Apr 2017 Highlights from IETF 98 The 98th IETF meeting wrapped up last Friday in Chicago. It was a typically busy work week for IETF participants, but also a special week, as a number of changes in our leadership became official. Alissa Cooper IETF Chair 6 Apr 2017 IETF Profile: Jari Arkko Periodic posts on the IETF Blog highlight individuals who serve in IETF leadership roles, people who have recently begun working in the IETF, and organizations that make the work of the IETF possible. Greg Wood Tech Advisor 27 Mar 2017 IETF Profile: Alissa Cooper Periodic posts will highlight individuals who serve in IETF leadership roles, people who have recently begun working in the IETF, and organizations that make the work of the IETF possible. Each post aims to describe experiences working within or supporting the IETF. Greg Wood Tech Advisor 23 Mar 2017 IETF-98 Highlights The Chicago IETF begins in a couple of days, and I wanted to point people to a few highlights from my perspective. Jari Arkko IETF Chair 22 Mar 2017 University Students Create Running Code for the Internet IETF Hackathons embody the IETF’s tradition of running code—testing theories against the realties of implementation, with a goal of accelerating the definition and adoption of protocols and technologies that make the Internet work better. Greg Wood Tech Advisor 14 Mar 2017 Observations on the CIA Revelations Recent news stories, and some IETF list discussion, have related to the release of (claimed) CIA materials relating to surveillance, hacking and information warfare. Jari Arkko IETF Chair Stephen Farrell Security Area Director 10 Mar 2017 Reviewing and Assessing the IETF Administrative Support Activity The current IETF Administrative Support Activity (IASA) arrangements were created more than ten years ago when the IETF initially took charge of its own administration [1]. Jari Arkko IETF Chair Alissa Cooper Chair 14 Feb 2017 New IESG Every year, the IETF selects its leadership through the nominations committee or NomCom process. Today, the committee has announced our new steering group (IESG) members. Jari Arkko IETF Chair 31 Jan 2017 Barriers to Entry The Internet Engineering Task Force (IETF) is a global community of network designers, operators, vendors, and researchers that develops Internet protocols. Jari Arkko IETF Chair Leslie Daigle IAOC Chair Andrew Sullivan IAB Chair 30 Jan 2017 A New RFC Archive RFCs are documents designed to serve a variety of purposes. They offer information to developers engineers on how to make the Internet interoperate. Heather Flanagan Chair 16 Jan 2017 IETF Hackathon in Chicago We will be hosting another IETF Hackathon at IETF-98 which will take place in Chicago at the end of March. The Chicago Hackathon will run from Saturday March 25 to Sunday March 26, but will surely have follow-ups during the rest of the week. Jari Arkko IETF Chair 11 Jan 2017 Call for Tools Volunteers and Contractors First, there will be a CodeSprint on Saturday March 25th just before IETF-98 in Chicago. Jari Arkko IETF Chair Russ Housley Chair 9 Jan 2017 New Ideas for IETF-98? Do you have an idea that you believe would be worthwhile standardising? Now would be a great time to start talking about it, in time for our meeting in Chicago in March! Jari Arkko IETF Chair 9 Jan 2017 Internet Governance Forum (IGF) 2016 The Internet Governance Forum or IGF is a discussion forum on matters relating to the administrative and policy questions surrounding the Internet. A handful of IETFers attended the yearly IGF meeting, this time happening in Guadalajara, Mexico, in December. We wanted to report what we saw and talk about why the discussions at the forum are important. Jari Arkko Tech Advisor Andrew Sullivan Chair Dr. Ted Hardie Barry Leiba Liaison Manager 3 Jan 2017 Reflections from IETF 97 I wanted to send a post summarising my thoughts of the discussions at IETF-97. We had 1042 people from 52 countries on site in Seoul, very active development on a number of fronts, and I thought a successful meeting! (Apologies for sending this post out late, other tasks, holidays, etc intervened.) Jari Arkko IETF Chair 3 Jan 2017 Reflections on the Routing Area after IETF 97 Looking Back on IETF 97 Alia Atlas Area Director 6 Dec 2016 IESG and Chair Report, IETF-97 This report is sent out before IETF-97 begins, in an effort to reduce reporting at the plenary and to provide an ability to discuss topics on list beforehand and afterwards. Jari Arkko IETF Chair 15 Nov 2016 YANG Quick Status Update Before this IETF 97 Let me start with some good news. Not only we recently approved RESTCONF (right now in the RFC editor queue), but we published the IPv4 and IPv6 base routing models in RFC 8022. Benoit Claise Operations and Management Area Director 13 Nov 2016 Welcome to IETF-97! IETF-97 is starting in a couple of days in Seoul, Korea, as well as running online for many participants connecting over the Internet. Jari Arkko IETF Chair 7 Nov 2016 Proposed Project: IETF Administrative Support 2.0 The arrangements relating to administrative support for the IETF (IASA, RFC 4071) were created more than ten years ago, when the IETF initially took charge of its own administration. Jari Arkko IETF Chair 3 Nov 2016 Attacks Against the Architecture The scale, complexity, and potential harm of Denial-of-Service attacks involving the use of compromised or misconfigured nodes or “things” is increasing. Across multiple services and activities, the network seems to be unable to defend itself effectively against large-scale bad behavior. Why is this? Can something be done about it? Who should act? Jari Arkko IETF Chair 27 Oct 2016 New Work in Seoul A month before the meeting our steering group collects proposals for new working groups. We decide which ones are ready enough for the community to discuss the proposals in the meeting. We did this last week, and I wanted to report what new meetings will be held. Jari Arkko IETF Chair 12 Oct 2016 IANA Stewardship and Transition Goes Ahead Today marks the execution of the contracts and arrangements relating to the IANA stewardship transition. The US government has ended their role in this matter. I am happy about the transition, and happy that it is happening as specified by the IETF and other communities. For me, the key issue is that the communities are in charge. Jari Arkko IETF Chair 1 Oct 2016 Working with the IEEE 802 Standards organisations have their areas of work, but for many topics efforts affect multiple organisations, or even span across multiple organisations. Take the IETF and the IEEE for instance, as our efforts often interact. Jari Arkko IETF Chair 16 Sep 2016 BOFs for IETF-97 I wanted to remind you that we are soliciting proposals for new work at the IETF. If you have an idea, this would be a good time to bring it up! Jari Arkko IETF Chair 16 Sep 2016 Codesprints, Hackathons, and Interops in Seoul The essence of the IETF is not that we write specs for some other people to implement. It is that we are a place for people who write code to write specs as well. With that in mind, a big part of our work is allowing for that code writing to happen. Jari Arkko IETF Chair 31 Aug 2016 Routing Area Directors’ Thoughts on IETF-96 Kicking off IETF 96 in Berlin, Germany was the weekend’s IETF Hackathon. There is growing engagement between the Open Source communities and the IETF. The IETF Hackathon had more participants than ever and we experimented with having a place for it in the IETF Lounge all week. Alia Atlas Routing Area Director Deborah Brungard Routing Area Director Alvaro Retana Routing Area Director 3 Aug 2016 IETF 96 Thoughts We had a great meeting in Berlin, the IETF crowd clearly likes to meet there! As our meeting ended, we had 1424 people participating on site and 337 people remotely. Out of the registered remote participants, 79 were from USA, 73 from India, 52 from Brazil, and 13 from Japan. Jari Arkko IETF Chair 27 Jul 2016 Patching the Internet of Things: IoT Software Update Workshop 2016 “There’s a huge problem with the Internet of Things and we need to do something about it.” That was the invitation that brought participants to the Internet of Things Software Update Workshop (IoTSU) held at Trinity College, Dublin on June 13 and 14. Pierre Pfister Maciek Konstantynowicz 26 Jul 2016 Hacking Packet Processing at IETF96 When the idea of participating in this hackathon came about, the goal was mostly to leverage FD.io’s Vector Packet Processor (VPP) as a platform and show its performance, capabilities, modularity and development simplicity. So we looked across existing IETF technologies and drafts which were not yet implemented in VPP and found out this new ILA technology (draft-herbert-nvo3-ila), which seemed to be a perfectly valid use-case for VPP used as a physical or virtual router. Jari Arkko IETF Chair 21 Jul 2016 IETF Chair and IESG Report, IETF-96 This report is sent out before IETF-96 begins, in an effort to reduce reporting at the plenary and to provide an ability to discuss topics on list beforehand and afterwards. This reporting style follows what IAB has adopted in recent times; the plan is to provide only a brief summary in the in-person presentation at the plenary. If you have topics that you think the IESG should, or should already have, discussed, please send email to iesg@ietf.org with details and we'll get back to you. Jari Arkko Tech Advisor 17 Jul 2016 Berlin Network I arrived in Berlin today, but there are many volunteers and support vendors who arrived days earlier to prepare for the meeting. It takes a lot of effort to setup the network, for instance. The team reports that the network is up and running, and that they have taken over the hotel network as well. Jari Arkko IETF Chair 15 Jul 2016 IETF and Hackathon Coming Up! Today is the deadline for registering at the IETF with the early bird price. Do register! Jari Arkko IETF Chair 8 Jul 2016 IETF Systers During nearly every IETF meeting since 1993, an informal gathering of women participants, the Systers, has taken place. We chose the name Systers as an answer to the late Anita Borg’s call for women in computer systems to support and celebrate each other. Allison Mankin IRTF Chair 6 Jul 2016 Working Together In my experience it is important that we talk to each other, all of us, the techies, the operators, the economists, and the policy people. We live in a connected world that is developing very rapidly, and none of us have a full picture of everything. It benefits us to share our views and increase our understanding. Jari Arkko IETF Chair 23 Jun 2016 www.ietf.org Revamp Update I wanted to provide a brief update on the the progress of the www.ietf.org website revamp project, which began in earnest last year and is scheduled to move into production by the end of this year. Greg Wood Tech Advisor 16 Jun 2016 New Topics At The Berlin Meeting I wanted to report what new ideas are going to be discussed at the meeting in Berlin in July. Jari Arkko IETF Chair 13 Jun 2016 Long-Term IETF Evolution In the midst of a day’s discussion about particular issue that troubles us with technology or something else, it can be difficult to focus on topics that have a longer timescale. As you probably remember, I had asked a design team to write a draft about various trends around us that affect the IETF. Jari Arkko IETF Chair 12 Jun 2016 NTIA Assessment of the IANA Stewardship Transition Proposal Today the US Department of Commerce National Telecommunications & Information Administration (NTIA) announced that the Internet community’s proposal to transition the stewardship of the Internet Assigned Numbers Authority (IANA) functions meets the criteria it set out for the process. Jari Arkko IETF Chair Andrew Sullivan IAB Chair 9 Jun 2016 Meeting Woes If you have followed the IETF discussion list recently, you’ve probably seen a thread about a planned meeting in Singapore next year. Traditionally, the IETF announces meeting sites as they have been contracted. After announcing Singapore during IETF-95, we heard from our LGBTQ participants that laws in Singapore make their participation (particularly when they travel with their families) a concern. Jari Arkko IETF Chair 8 Jun 2016 IETF leadership team retreats The IETF meetings are a busy time for many of the active participants, including members of our steering group or the IESG. Most of the time is spent in actual working group meetings, and there’s little time to reflect on broader issues. Every year the IESG finds some time for a “retreat” meeting to discuss topics with sufficient amount of time, to get to know the new ADs, do some team building, and so on. Jari Arkko IETF Chair 10 May 2016 IESG Retreat The IESG has just had a two and half days of meetings in Cambridge, Massachusetts. These events are an important opportunity for our group to meet and discuss broader topics and IETF work in more depth than is possible during the regular IETF meetings. Jari Arkko IETF Chair 10 May 2016 IETF-95 Summary We had a great IETF 95 meeting in Buenos Aires a few weeks ago, with a lot of topics and many participants. Jari Arkko IETF Chair 26 Apr 2016 IETF Hackathon: Getting TLS 1.3 working in the browser Over the last few years, the IETF community has been focused on improving and expanding the use of the technical foundations for Internet security. Nick Sullivan Chair 17 Apr 2016 Ericsson Commits to Support the IETF in the Long Term I am pleased to announce that Ericsson has just signed a MoU with the ISOC (Internet Society) in which Ericsson commits to support the IETF in a ongoing fashion. Gonzalo Camarillo Liaison Manager 9 Apr 2016 Team to help regarding harassment concerns In 2013, the IESG set the IETF anti-harassment policy. The IETF strives to create and maintain an environment in which people of many different backgrounds are treated with dignity, decency, and respect. Jari Arkko IETF Chair 1 Apr 2016 Bringing together open standards and open source in 2016 A recent Internet Draft noted the growing Free and Open Source Software movement as a trend that the IETF, as a community, can participate in by helping open source and open standards work together. Barry Leiba Applications and Real-Time Area Director 31 Mar 2016 Buenos Días, Buenos Aires! This morning I arrived in Buenos Aires, where volunteers and staff have been busy preparing for our 95th IETF meeting. It looks like everything is ready, the network is up and the hotel facilities look great. Jari Arkko IETF Chair 31 Mar 2016 The Interoperability of Things: IoT Semantic Interoperability (IOTSI) Workshop 2016 The IETF is about interoperation. Yes, IETF participants like cleaner architecture, and more elegant solutions, and so on. But at bottom, both “rough consensus” and “running code” are all about making diverse things work together as much as possible. David Thaler IAB Member Andrew Sullivan IAB Chair 26 Mar 2016 Bienvenidos a Buenos Aires! (Welcome to Buenos Aires!) It’s almost time to pack our bags and head south to Argentina. This is the IETF’s first ever meeting in Latin America! Jari Arkko IETF Chair 18 Mar 2016 YANG Data Models in the Industry: Current State of Affairs Just before the IETF 95 in Buenos Aires, let’s analyze the current state of affairs in the YANG Data Models world. Benoit Claise Operations and Management Area Director 16 Mar 2016 Transition Plan Enters New Phase Many of us have been working over the last two years on a small change to the way the IANA functions are managed. Andrew Sullivan IAB Chair 10 Mar 2016 New Research Groups at IETF-95 My previous blog post was about the IETF BoFs, but there are also new meetings in the research arm of the IETF, the IRTF. Jari Arkko IETF Chair 6 Mar 2016 BOFs for IETF-95 With the preliminary agenda just published (or soon will be), I wanted to report what Birds-of-Feather (BoF) sessions there will be at IETF-95. This time there is quite a lot of work following up on a recent IAB workshop on the effect of encryption on network operators. Jari Arkko IETF Chair 2 Mar 2016 IOTSI Workshop Position Papers Some time ago I mentioned the Internet of Things Semantic Interoperability (IOTSI) workshop organised by the IAB. This workshop is important for the work on application data formats, semantic definitions, and interoperability in the Internet of Things space. Jari Arkko IETF Chair 2 Mar 2016 Non-Technical Trends Affecting the IETF This blog post is not about technology. A while ago I asked for volunteers to help us understand some of the non-technical changes around the IETF. Jari Arkko IETF Chair 1 Mar 2016 New Working Groups for IETF-95? Thinking of some new ideas that could be worked on by the IETF? This Friday, February 19th, 23:59 UTC is the deadline to submit proposals for what we call Bird-of-a-Feather (BoF) sessions at IETF-95 in Buenos Aires. Jari Arkko IETF Chair 17 Feb 2016 An Interoperable Internet of Things I cannot think of a better example where interoperability is important than the Internet of Things. Without interoperability, lights won’t work with the switches, sensor’s can’t be read by your smartphone, and devices cannot use the networks around them. Jari Arkko IETF Chair 14 Jan 2016 30 Years of Engineering the Internet The IETF turns 30! As we work on the day-to-day tasks needed to make the Internet work better, or even as we look back over last year and gaze ahead to the year to come, from time-to-time it is useful to consider our work on timescales that are a bit larger. Jari Arkko IETF Chair 13 Jan 2016 Guidance on Face-to-Face and Virtual Interim Meetings This statement provides IESG guidance on interim IETF working group meetings, both face-to-face and virtual. 11 Jan 2016 Year 2015 and Beyond With the year closing, I wanted to make a post highlighting some of the events and hot topics of the year. And say a few words about the challenges that lie ahead. Jari Arkko IETF Chair 29 Dec 2015 IETF Diversity Update It’s been a while since we’ve had a diversity related update and with the approval of the Anti-Harassment BCP and publication of the Independent Stream Editor (ISE) document, RFC7704 it seems timely. Kathleen Moriarty Security Area Director Jari Arkko IETF Chair 4 Dec 2015 Yokohama Summary Perhaps the topmost thing on my mind is how friendly and welcoming place Japan is for the IETF. Jari Arkko IETF Chair 10 Nov 2015 Internet Governance Forum The Internet Governance Forum or IGF is an organisation that enables the discussion of public policy issues pertaining to the Internet. It is an open meeting for many different types of participants ranging from (some) technical community members to governments. 9 Nov 2015 Hacking The Yokohama IETF Hackathon is now in progress! Jari Arkko IETF Chair 31 Oct 2015 Code Sprinting The Yokohama Code Sprint is in progress! There are a few new code sprinters, and part our efforts has been in setting up development environments for them, as well as building a Docker image so that future setup will be easier. Jari Arkko IETF Chair 31 Oct 2015 Welcome to the Yokohama IETF (again!) Welcome to IETF-94, and back to Yokohama! We were here in 2002, yet I remember it like yesterday. The impression left by the scenery, the Japanese friendliness, food, and many other things was lasting! Jari Arkko IETF Chair 30 Oct 2015 Visiting the W3C Meeting Both the IETF and the W3C are meeting in Japan this month. Jari Arkko IETF Chair Heather Flanagan Chair Barry Leiba Liaison Manager Karen O'Donoghue Chair 29 Oct 2015 Improving Security in the Internet: The Diffie-Hellman Case Study A recent paper on shortcomings of Diffie-Hellman key exchange has received attention and raised questions about security on the Internet, as Diffie-Hellman is used for cryptographic handshakes in popular Internet protocols. Paul Wouters Chair Jari Arkko Tech Advisor 22 Oct 2015 Strange but familiar in Dublin We’re both at ICANN 54 in Dublin, and of course a big topic is the IANA transition. Jari Arkko IETF Chair Andrew Sullivan IAB Chair 21 Oct 2015 ICANN54 The ICANN 54 meeting is now starting in Dublin, Ireland. On the agenda are various topics around the IANA stewardship transition. Jari Arkko IETF Chair 17 Oct 2015 Codesprinting in Yokohama 横浜のIETFのためのプログラミング! Jari Arkko IETF Chair 8 Oct 2015 Impressions from the MaRNEW Workshop Claims of encryption having a effect on network bandwidth optimisation methods have been coming thick and fast to the IETF since IETF89. To help understand the real use cases and issues the IAB organised the Managing Radio Networks in an Encrypted World (MaRNEW) Workshop working with the telecoms association, GSMA. Natasha Rooney MaRNEW Co-chair, GSMA 29 Sep 2015 1984 One of the things that can make surveillance too easy is when the technology we use has weaknesses. Jari Arkko IETF Chair 25 Sep 2015 Encryption and Network Management MaRNEW This is a joint workshop between the IAB and the GSMA, and the focus will be on managing networks, particularly mobile ones, under the assumption that much of Internet traffic is or will be encrypted. Jari Arkko IETF Chair 24 Sep 2015 Experiment Ethics and Privacy A key aspect of the IETF is running code, and we often apply our technology in our meetings, or run experiments to determine how well something works or gather information about networks. Jari Arkko IETF Chair 11 Sep 2015 .onion The IETF community approved document using the Special-Use Domain Names registry established by RFC 6761 to register ‘.onion’ as a special-use name. Jari Arkko IETF Chair 10 Sep 2015 Aiming for a standardized, high-quality, royalty-free video codec to remove friction for video over the Internet The NETVC working group aims to create a video codec that can be used in open-source software, in addition to proprietary software and hardware encoders. Adam Roach NETVC Working Group Co-chair 1 Sep 2015 IETF-93 Summary Our meeting in Prague ended last Friday, and I wanted to thank everyone who participated! I hope you all have had an opportunity to return to home and rest after the trip. Jari Arkko IETF Chair 21 Aug 2015 IESG Statement on Maximizing Encrypted Access To IETF Information The IETF has recognised that the act of accessing public information required for routine tasks can be privacy sensitive and can benefit from using a confidentiality service, such as is provided by TLS. [BCP188] Internet Engineering Steering Group 20 Aug 2015 The Full IANA Transition Proposal The combined proposal from three communities has today gone out from the IANA Transition Coordination Group. This is important. Jari Arkko IETF Chair 31 Jul 2015 A Birthday at an IETF meeting Today’s blog post is a story from Adam Roach that he had originally shared on social media. 20 Jul 2015 The Network and Meeting Rooms are Ready The IETF meeting rooms and registration desk are ready for the meetings to start. A lot of activity is already going on on Saturday this time, but actual registration opens on Sunday at 1000 in the Congress Hall Foyer on the Lower Lobby level. Jari Arkko IETF Chair 18 Jul 2015 Welcome to Prague! The IETF is once again in Prague! The city is clearly one of our favourites, given that we’ve been there also in 2007 and 2011. Jari Arkko IETF Chair 17 Jul 2015 Welcome to IETF 90! The 90th IETF starts next Sunday in Toronto, Canada. Canada is one of our favourite places to meet at. Jari Arkko IETF Chair 17 Jul 2015 IANA Stewardship Transition Update from ICANN 53 I would like to update you on the IANA transition, including important events that took place at the 53rd ICANN meeting in Buenos Aires. Jari Arkko IETF Chair 7 Jul 2015 Sudden Changes and IPv6 for Everyone Earlier this week, I was sitting on a train ride through Finland. As usual, my iPad acted as a mobile broadband gateway, and I suddenly realized that my other devices were using IPv6 to reach the Internet through the gateway. Jari Arkko IETF Chair 5 Jul 2015 Buenos Aires, allá vamos! What will our first meeting next year be like? Jari Arkko IETF Chair 3 Jul 2015 Draft deadlines and exceptions Before an IETF meeting, we sometimes receive a few requests to extend the deadlines related to Internet Draft submissions. Jari Arkko IETF Chair 2 Jul 2015 CARIS Workshop Summary and Reflection The Internet Architecture Board (IAB) and the Internet Society (ISOC) hosted day-long Coordinating Attack Response at Internet Scale (CARIS) workshop took place last Friday in coordination with the Forum for Incident Response and Security Teams (FIRST) Conference in Berlin. 25 Jun 2015 IESG Statement on Internet Draft Authorship The IESG has received some reports of IETF participants having been listed as document authors on drafts without their consent ("surprised authorship"). 11 Jun 2015 New Ideas for IETF Education Education and newcomer orientation activities have existed in the IETF in various forms from the early 1990s (if not earlier). As the IETF and the world around us evolves, we are now rethinking what types of activities are best suited for the future. Jari Arkko IETF Chair Mirjam Kuehne EDU Team Nalini Elkins EDU and Mentoring Teams 8 Jun 2015 Code Sprint at IETF 93 We will once again have a Code Sprint in Prague prior to IETF-93. Jari Arkko IETF Chair 2 Jun 2015 New Ideas for IETF 93 This is a good time to submit more new proposals for the IETF! Jari Arkko IETF Chair 2 Jun 2015 IESG Retreat An IETF meeting is a busy time for the Area Directors. We do not have much time for discussing IETF-wide topics or getting to know new team members. Every year we meet for a couple of days as a team, outside the IETF meeting. Jari Arkko IETF Chair 21 May 2015 From NetFlow to IPFIX via PSAMP: 13 years of Standardization Explained The first flow-related BoF (birds of a feather) took place in London in summer 2001 during the IETF meeting 51. Benoit Claise Operations and Management Area Director 20 May 2015 IETF Hackathon On the weekend before the IETF meeting in Prague (July 18-19), we will hold our second IETF Hackathon event at the Hilton Prague. Jari Arkko IETF Chair 17 May 2015 Internet organisations’ coordination meeting This is a brief report from a meeting between a number of Internet organisations that took place last week in London. Jari Arkko IETF Chair 5 May 2015 Retreats 2015 Every year, IETF’s leadership groups (IAB, IESG, IAOC) meet for retreats. This year all the three groups meet in London. Jari Arkko IETF Chair 4 May 2015 End-to-End Message Encryption — Can it be done? End-to-end (e2e) encryption for email is hard. We know this from OpenPGP and S/MIME efforts with the main problem being around obtaining, installing, and exchanging keys. Kathleen Moriarty Security Area Director 30 Apr 2015 Internet Security vs. Quantum Computing One of the great scientific challenges of our time is the construction of a practical quantum computer. Russ Housley Chair Dr. David A. McGrew 22 Apr 2015 IANA Protocol Parameters Explained You may have heard about the IANA transition, or to be more precise, about the transition of US government oversight relating to IANA. In March 2014, the US government announced their intent to relinquish their role to the multistakeholder Internet community. Jari Arkko IETF Chair 20 Apr 2015 Plurilingüe IETF La semana pasada, al hablar de Internet abierta para un evento de Gobernanza en Moscú, Jari se reunió con gente del Capítulo Rusia de Internet Society. Jari Arkko IETF Chair Alvaro Retana Routing Area Director 19 Apr 2015 New Datatracker UI The upgrade to the datatracker UI mentioned in plenary at IETF 92 has just been released. This effort has been underway for more than a year. Robert Sparks Datatracker Project Manager 15 Apr 2015 Monikielinen IETF Last week, while speaking about open Internet in Moscow for an Internet Governance event, Jari met with folks from the Internet Society Russia Chapter. They had recently made a translation of the IETF Journal to Russian! Jari Arkko IETF Chair Alvaro Retana Routing Area Director 15 Apr 2015 RFC 1 April 7 marks the anniversary of the publication of the first RFC. Jari Arkko IETF Chair 7 Apr 2015 Thoughts from IETF 92 Thank you all for a wonderful meeting. I wanted to thank all the sponsors and participants, and our host Google for their support. And the wonderful social event. Well done, you all! Jari Arkko IETF Chair 30 Mar 2015 New Internet Engineering Steering Group and Internet Architecture Board Members Selected Newly selected members of the Internet Architecture Board (IAB) and the Internet Engineering Steering Committee (IESG) met in person for the first time during the 92nd Internet Engineering Task Force Meeting this week in Dallas, Texas. 25 Mar 2015 Coordinating Incident Response at Internet Scale (CARIS) Coordinating incident response at Internet scale as a concept sounds fabulous, but can we achieve it? What will it take? Kathleen Moriarty Security Area Director 21 Mar 2015 Behind the Scenes First things first, the network for IETF-92 is up and works well! Both the meeting area and hotel room networks are operational. Jari Arkko IETF Chair 20 Mar 2015 10 Days to IETF 92 There is just 10 days until our next meeting begins, in Dallas, Texas. This is our third visit to Dallas Jari Arkko IETF Chair 11 Mar 2015 IETF Tools and Dallas We will once again have a Code Sprint, now in Dallas prior to IETF-92. Jari Arkko IETF Chair 10 Mar 2015 Ensuring Continuity of the IANA Registries One question that often comes up regarding the IANA Stewardship transition is how to ensure that the IANA protocol parameter registries continue to serve the worldwide Internet community. Jari Arkko IETF Chair Russ Housley IAB Chair 22 Feb 2015 HTTP/2 Approved After more than two years of discussion, over 200 design issues, 17 drafts, and 30 implementations, the HTTP/2 and HPACK specifications have now been approved by the IETF’s steering group for publication as standards-track RFCs. Mark Nottingham HTTPBIS Working Group Chair Barry Leiba Applications Area Director 18 Feb 2015 New Proposals for IETF 92 The deadline for submitting proposals for new working groups for IETF-92 is approaching fast. Jari Arkko IETF Chair 3 Feb 2015 SEMI Workshop I’m on the train this morning after the two-day Stack Evolution in a Middlebox Internet (SEMI) workshop at the Swiss Federal Institute of Technology (ETH) in Zürich. Russ Housley IAB Chair 3 Feb 2015 Like a DART: Moving rapidly from a need to a solution for WebRTC In less than 9 months–representing just two IETF meeting cycles–the DiffServ Applied to Real-time Transports (DART) working group (WG) moved from a concept to Internet Engineering Steering Group (IESG) approval of the Internet Draft it was chartered to produce. Ben Campbell Chair David L. Black Tech Advisor 26 Jan 2015 IETF turns 29 The IETF traces its start back to a meeting that took place 29 years ago today, January 16th. Happy birthday, IETF! Jari Arkko IETF Chair 16 Jan 2015 Taking a Step towards IANA Transition Protocol parameters such as port numbers are an integral part of technical specifications that the IETF produces and developers implement. Along with naming and numbering functions, protocol parameters are maintained through IANA. 8 Jan 2015 IETF IANA Transition Proposal Last Call In March the US government announced their intent to move their role in overseeing the IANA system to the Internet community. Since the announcement, the communities impacted by IANA functions have been working hard to develop a transition proposal. Jari Arkko IETF Chair 28 Nov 2014 YANG Really Takes Off in the Industry Just after the IETF 90 meeting last July, I posted this “YANG Takes Off in the Industry” blog. Benoit Claise Operations and Management Area Director 27 Nov 2014 IETF 91 Summary Our meeting in Honolulu is over. How did it go? Let us know. In the following I have collected some of my own observations. Jari Arkko IETF Chair 21 Nov 2014 MAC Privacy This week at IETF91 we carried out an experiment to randomize Wi-Fi MAC addresses of users to improve privacy. 15 Nov 2014 Exploring the IETF New to the IETF, or exploring new topics for your work? I wanted to point people to the various introductory sessions and materials that we have about the IETF and Internet technology. Jari Arkko IETF Chair 9 Nov 2014 Welcome to IETF 91! I wanted to welcome everyone to the 91st IETF meeting that is starting tomorrow, November 9th, here in Honolulu, Hawaii. I also wanted to welcome our remote attendees! Jari Arkko IETF Chair 8 Nov 2014 Getting Visas to an IETF Meeting We wanted to let you know that a number of Chinese participants have had trouble for getting visas to this meeting. Jari Arkko IETF Chair Chris Griffiths IAOC Chair Michael Richardson Nomcom Chair 8 Nov 2014 Networks in Paradise! (or It's Christmas for the NOC!) The network for the IETF is a bit of a unique beast. Jim Martin 7 Nov 2014 Honolulu IETF Hot Topics The IETF meeting in Honolulu starts a week from now. Jari Arkko IETF Chair 1 Nov 2014 IANA Stewardship Transition at ICANN 51 I thought it might be useful to provide a brief summary of some of the things that have happened in the past week related to the transition of the IANA Stewardship. Jari Arkko IETF Chair 23 Oct 2014 Hawaii BoF Proposals Due Soon New IETF work begins often as a proposed new working group, through something called a Birds-of-a-Feather (BoF) session. 22 Sep 2014 Hawaii Code Sprint We will once again have a Code Sprint in Honolulu prior to IETF-91. Jari Arkko IETF Chair 19 Sep 2014 IANA Transition Update The transition of NTIA’s stewardship of IANA has been discussed extensively. Just last week there was a meeting of the IANA Stewardship Transition Coordination Group or ICG. Jari Arkko IETF Chair 10 Sep 2014 Celebrating the Importance of OpenStand The OpenStand approach to creating global standards has never been more relevant—or important—than it is today. Russ Housley IAB Chair 28 Aug 2014 Mailing Lists: What works, what doesn’t? The IETF has had another lively discussion about mailing list usage in the ietf@ietf.org mailing list, followed by a long plenary debate on how to make it more useful to the community. Kathleen Moriarty Security Area Director 18 Aug 2014 YANG Takes Off in the Industry In 2003, RFC 3535, “Overview of the 2002 IAB Network Management Workshop” documented the outcomes of a dialog started between network operators and protocol developers to guide the IETFs focus on future work regarding network management. Benoit Claise Operations and Management Area Director 31 Jul 2014 IETF 90 Summary IETF-90 is over and I wanted to provide a summary of what I saw in the meeting. Jari Arkko IETF Chair 29 Jul 2014 Robots are taking over the IETF We have built a lot of support for remote attendance in the IETF, but this week I saw something new. 26 Jul 2014 Plan for IANA On Thursday morning of the IETF 90 meeting, we had a Birds of a Feather (BoF) session called IANAPLAN: Planning for the IANA/NTIA Transition. Jari Arkko IETF Chair 25 Jul 2014 IESG Statement on Designating RFCs as Historic RFC 2026 defines a "Historic" status for documents: A specification that has been superseded by a more recent specification or is for any other reason considered to be obsolete is assigned to the "Historic" level. Internet Engineering Steering Group 20 Jul 2014 ICANN and Transition of NTIA’s Stewardship Last week, I visited the ICANN50 meeting in London. The meeting was held at a location well known to us at the IETF – the Hilton London Metropole. Jari Arkko IETF Chair 2 Jul 2014 IETF 90 BoFs For every IETF meeting, the steering group receives a number of proposals for new work. Not all new work in the IETF has to go through a public meeting to be accepted. Jari Arkko IETF Chair 17 Jun 2014 IETF 90 BoF Deadline Coming Up New IETF work begins often as a proposed new working group, through something called a Birds-of-a-Feather (BoF) session. Jari Arkko IETF Chair 5 Jun 2014 Retreat and LACNIC During an IETF meeting, the IESG and IAB members are busy with what is going on in our areas, and we have little time to talk to each other. But we organise yearly retreats where we get to talk to each other, and can tackle issues beyond the usual daily ones. Jari Arkko IETF Chair 22 May 2014 DISCUSS Criteria in IESG Review This document describes the role of the 'DISCUSS' position in the IESG review process. It gives some guidance on when a DISCUSS should and should not be issued. It also discusses procedures for DISCUSS resolution. Internet Engineering Steering Group 7 May 2014 NETmundial Summary The NETmundial meeting was held last week in São Paulo, Brazil. I wanted to provide a brief report of my view of the meeting and its outcome. Jari Arkko IETF Chair 2 May 2014 IANA Changes Process I have previously talked about the upcoming changes at IANA. Jari Arkko IETF Chair 1 May 2014 NETmundial The two-day NETmundial conference that starts on Wednesday. Me, Russ, and several other IETFers are attending this event. 20 Apr 2014 New TLDs The previous blog post talked about the IANA discussions at the ICANN meeting. But of course that was not the only topic that we talked about. 3 Apr 2014 IANA Changes Two weeks ago there was an announcement from the US government regarding their role in managing IANA. 1 Apr 2014 Internet Technical Leaders Welcome IANA Globalization Progress The leaders of the Internet technical organizations responsible for coordination of the Internet infrastructure (IETF, IAB, RIRs, ccTLD ROs, ICANN, ISOC, and W3C), welcome the US Government’s announcement of the suggested changes related to the IANA functions contract. 24 Mar 2014 IETF 89 Videos I wanted to share two excellent videos in this post. 24 Mar 2014 Web Anniversary Today I would like to celebrate the anniversaries of the World Wide Web (25 years) and W3C (20 years). 11 Mar 2014 IETF 89 Summary With the IETF week over, I wanted to write a brief summary of the main discussions. And what a week! I spent ten days in London due to a workshop preceding the IETF and even some meetings that took place after the IETF. 10 Mar 2014 Writable MIB Module IESG Statement The IESG is aware of discussions in the OPS area and in a number of working groups about the current practice for standards-based approaches to configuration. Internet Engineering Steering Group 2 Mar 2014 Welcome to IETF 89! The IETF-89 meeting is starting a week from now in London, UK. This is our second time in London. Our previous visit was IETF-51 in August 2001. 24 Feb 2014 Views on Internet Technology Adoption The IETF’s relevance in the marketplace was the subject of a workshop held by the IAB in December in Cambridge UK on Internet Technology Adoption and Transition (ITAT). 9 Feb 2014 Celebrating Data Privacy Day Today is International Data Privacy Day, and I wanted to let Alissa Cooper say a few words about how we are working on privacy topics at the IETF. - Jari Arkko, IETF Chair 28 Jan 2014 HTTP 2.0 I wanted to draw attention to Mark Nottingham’s excellent blog article about strengthening HTTP. 9 Jan 2014 IANA In this article I wanted to highlight an important but often hidden part in the IETF ecosystem: Internet Assigned Numbers Authority (IANA). Jari Arkko IETF Chair 3 Jan 2014 2013 Review The last days of the year seems like a good opportunity to reflect on some of things that happened during 2013. Jari Arkko IETF Chair 30 Dec 2013 We Will Strengthen the Internet Wow what a week! Working with Internet technology often involves details deep inside the technology. But it seems that this week has been a perfect storm of highly visible and important technical developments: Jari Arkko IETF Chair 8 Nov 2013 Les leaders en ingénierie décident de mettre à jour des normes afin d’améliorer la confidentialité et la sécurité sur Internet L’IETF a suscité un large consensus pour l’amélioration de la sécurité des protocoles Internet en réponse à la surveillance omniprésente 7 Nov 2013 Destacados ingenieros coinciden en que hay que actualizar las normas para mejorar la seguridad y privacidad en Internet Amplio consenso de la IETF por mejorar la seguridad de los protocolos de Internet en respuesta a la vigilancia generalizada 7 Nov 2013 Leading Engineers Agree to Upgrade Standards to Improve Internet Privacy and Security IETF reaches broad consensus to improve the security of Internet protocols to respond to pervasive surveillance 7 Nov 2013 Strengthening the Internet Reports about pervasive surveillance have been the big discussion topic in the Internet community in the last couple of months. Our commerce, business, and personal communications all depend on the Internet being secure and trusted, so the situation is disturbing. Jari Arkko IETF Chair Stephen Farrell Security Area Director Sean Turner Security Area Director 6 Nov 2013 Piloting a University Outreach Programme Many students were brought to IETF 87 by a pilot university outreach programme, run by ISOC with 15 universities in Germany and Austria. 4 Nov 2013 IETF Anti-Harassment Policy This IESG statement explains that the IETF strives to create and maintain an environment in which people of many different backgrounds are treated with dignity, decency, and respect. 3 Nov 2013 Network is Up! The IETF network for the meeting is up. Even the network in the hotel rooms switched to IETF network by mid-Friday. Everything is ready for the IETFers to come! Jari Arkko IETF Chair 2 Nov 2013 Welcome to IETF 88! The IETF-88 meeting is starting next week in Vancouver. Vancouver is a long-time IETF favourite city, as this will be our fifth time there. And we were there just last year. Vancouver works well for the IETF, and I’m very happy to return again! Jari Arkko IETF Chair 30 Oct 2013 Huawei Hosts 88th Internet Engineering Task Force Meeting More than 1200 top engineers and technologists will assemble to advance the development of open Internet standards 29 Oct 2013 Future Identifiers When I visited the ICANN meeting last summer, they were about to launch a set of panels to advice themselves about strategic topics in coming years. Those panels are now operational. 29 Oct 2013 Plenary on Internet Hardening As I mentioned in “Security and Pervasive Monitoring” article in September, the IETF community has expressed concerned about the large-scale monitoring of Internet traffic. 29 Oct 2013 Speeches I visited the RIPE meeting and IGF meetings recently, and wanted to post two speeches that I held in these events. 22 Oct 2013 China Last week I toured China, talking to the local IETF contributors. And there are so many! I talked to people from equipment vendors, operators, researcher institutions, and local standards organisations. Jari Arkko IETF Chair 19 Sep 2013 Security and Pervasive Monitoring The Internet community and the IETF care deeply about how much we can trust commonly used Internet services and the protocols that these services use. 7 Sep 2013 Vancouver It seems like yesterday when we were in Berlin, but I wanted to highlight that our Vancouver meeting is coming up soon. 3 Sep 2013 Meeting Summary The IETF meeting in Berlin is now over. I hope everyone has been able to return home safely, and that you all can enjoy at least a weekend if not some vacation time after a busy meeting week. 7 Aug 2013 A Diverse IETF I wanted to return to a topic that we have talked about before: increasing diversity at the IETF. 29 Jul 2013 The Role of Working Groups A while ago I wrote about the issue of the IETF document process being quite heavy-weight in its final stages. Documents go through a lot of review and changes in their last few months. Some of this is natural as the document gains more exposure. 28 Jul 2013 A Different Internet This week I’m visiting the ICANN meeting in Durban, South Africa. It has been an opportunity to meet many interesting people and get a glimpse of the issues that other important organisations in the Internet ecosystem deal with. 17 Jul 2013 The Web of Things The Internet of Things is about embedding communications technology in all objects that can benefit from it, from cars to buildings, everyday objects and even materials. This is an ongoing revolution in the scope and scale of networking. 15 Jul 2013 Welcome to IETF-87! In two weeks, we will have the IETF-87 meeting in Berlin! The previous time IETF was in Germany was in August 1997 in Munich – that was too long ago and it is a pleasure to be back! Jari Arkko IETF Chair 12 Jul 2013 Permissionless Innovation I would like to talk about standards and what kind of approaches are suitable for developing them when it comes to Internet technology and applications. 13 May 2013 Balancing the Process One of the most rewarding parts of my job is talking to various IETF contributors or people who rely on our results, and trying to understand their experiences about the IETF process and what kinds of technical topics they expect us to tackle. This article focuses on the process aspects. 1 May 2013 Diversity Diversity has been a recent big discussion topic at the IETF. Many of us have participated in this discussion, but I also wanted to bring it up here in the blog. 17 Apr 2013 Bits-n-Bites on Video I wanted to return to the topic of Bits-n-Bites which we briefly reported on already earlier. Dan York and Paul Brigner from ISOC shot a few videos of some of the interesting demos, and the videos are now available below. 9 Apr 2013 Bits-n-Bites at IETF 86 As we were preparing for the Orlando meeting, we talked about ways to make the Bits-N-Bites program more dynamic and provide a place for the IETF community to perform experimentation and get running code in a production like network setting. Chris Griffiths IETF Participant 17 Mar 2013 Internet Engineering Task Force and Internet Architecture Board Announce New Leadership Teams IETF participants define the standards for the global network that connects more than 2 billion people 13 Mar 2013 Running Code at IETF 86 Our meeting in Orlando ended on Friday. I thought it was a very successful meeting, and brought up many new topics that we should pursue. 13 Mar 2013 Welcome to IETF 86! I would like to welcome you all to Orlando, where the 86th IETF meeting starts on Sunday! 8 Mar 2013 IETF Challenges The previous article talked about how exciting and important the work at the IETF is. And it is. But there are also challenges, both for the Internet as a whole and for us at the IETF. Jari Arkko IETF Chair 2 Mar 2013 Chair's Blog Welcome to a new publication from the IETF, a blog from the (incoming) IETF chair! Jari Arkko IETF Chair 22 Feb 2013 IESG Statement on Ethertypes The IEEE Registration Authority (IEEE RA) assigns Ethertypes with oversight from the IEEE Registration Authority Committee (IEEE RAC). Internet Engineering Steering Group 25 Oct 2012 IESG Statement on Removal of an Internet-Draft from the IETF Web Site Internet-Drafts (I-Ds) are working documents of the IETF. RFC 2026, BCP 9, describes the purpose of I-Ds, and it also provides some policies that govern the I-D Repository. Internet Engineering Steering Group 25 Oct 2012 Leading Global Standards Organizations Endorse 'OpenStand' Principles that Drive Innovation and Borderless Commerce IEEE, IAB, IETF, Internet Society and W3C Invite Other Standards Organizations, Governments and Companies to Support Modern Paradigm for Global, Open Standards 12 Aug 2012 IESG Statement on Designating RFCs as Historic NOTE: This IESG Statement is superseded by the IESG Statement "IESG Statement on Designating RFCs as Historic" dated 20 July 2014. Internet Engineering Steering Group 20 Oct 2011 IESG Statement on Designating RFCs as Historic NOTE: This IESG Statement is superseded by the IESG Statement "IESG Statement on Designating RFCs as Historic" dated 20 July 2014. Internet Engineering Steering Group 27 Jun 2011 IESG Statement on IESG Processing of RFC Errata concerning RFC Metadata This IESG statement describes the manner in which the IESG will process RFC Errata concerning RFC Metadata [RFC5741]. Internet Engineering Steering Group 13 Jun 2011 IESG Statement on Document Shepherds This statement provides guidance from the IESG on selection of a Document Shepherd for documents from IETF working groups and documents from individuals. Internet Engineering Steering Group 11 Oct 2010 IESG Statement on the Usage of Assignable Codepoints, Addresses and Names in Specification Examples Protocol specifications and other documents intended for RFC publication often include useful examples with correctly formatted and syntactically valid codepoints, addresses or names. Internet Engineering Steering Group 24 May 2010 IESG Statement on NomCom Eligibility and Day Passes RFC 3777 requires that voting members of the nominating committee (NomCom) be selected from volunteers that have attended at least three of the last five IETF meetings. Internet Engineering Steering Group 24 May 2010 IESG Statement on Copyright This IESG Statement obsoletes all earlier IESG Statements regarding Copyright statements in MIB and PIB Modules. Internet Engineering Steering Group 8 Sep 2009 Proposed Status for IETF Documents Reserving Resources for Example Purposes This IESG Statement deals with the proposed status for IETF documents reserving values, numbers, addresses, etc. for example purposes. In this statement we use the term 'resources' for these values, numbers, addresses, etc. Internet Engineering Steering Group 20 Jan 2009 Guidance on Interim Meetings, Conference Calls and Jabber Sessions NOTE: This IESG Statement is superseded by the IESG Statement "Guidance on Face-to-Face and Virtual Interim Meetings" dated 11 January 2016. Internet Engineering Steering Group 2 Sep 2008 IESG Processing of RFC Errata for the IETF Stream The [below] describes the manner in which the IESG will be processing RFC Errata for the IETF Stream. The current tools on the RFC Editor site support "approved" and "rejected", but they need to be updated to also permit "hold for document update" as errata states. Internet Engineering Steering Group 30 Jul 2008 IESG Statement on Spam Control on IETF Mailing Lists The following principles apply to spam control on IETF mailing lists: Internet Engineering Steering Group 14 Apr 2008 IESG Statement on Registration Requests for URIs Containing Telephone Numbers RFC4395: Guidelines and Registration Procedures for New URI Schemes Internet Engineering Steering Group 3 Mar 2008 IESG Statement on RFC3406 and URN Namespaces Registry Review RFC 3406: URN Namespace Definitions Internet Engineering Steering Group 27 Feb 2008 Advice for WG Chairs Dealing with Off-Topic Postings Managing off-topic postings to IETF Working Group (WG) mail lists is challenging. Internet Engineering Steering Group 23 Jan 2008 On Appeals of IESG and Area Director Actions and Decisions The IESG re-affirms that its reading of RFC 2026 is that any action made by an Area Director or the IESG may be made the subject of the conflict resolution mechanisms set out in Section 6.5 of RFC 2026. Internet Engineering Steering Group 4 Oct 2007 Experimental Specification of New Congestion Control Algorithms This document describes the process that the IETF transport area directors employ when new congestion control algorithms that differ significantly from currently-published IETF standards are brought to the IETF for specification and publication as Experimental RFCs. Internet Engineering Steering Group 5 Jul 2007 Guidance on Area Director Sponsoring of Documents This statement discusses the process related to "individual submissions", publication of RFCs by finding a sponsoring Area Director to take it through IETF and Internet Engineering Steering Group (IESG) review. This statement covers both the the processing in the IESG as well as guidance on when such sponsoring is appropriate. Internet Engineering Steering Group 20 Mar 2007 Last Call Guidance to the Community Under RFC 2026, the IESG issues Last Calls to the IETF community for all draft Standards Track and BCP documents, and for selected draft Informational and Experimental documents. Internet Engineering Steering Group 15 Jan 2007 IESG Statement: Normative and Informative References Nearly all RFCs contain citations to other documents, and these are listed in a References section near the end of the RFC. Internet Engineering Steering Group 19 Apr 2006 IESG Statement on Disruptive Posting The IESG today makes the following statement, but will welcome community feedback on it. Internet Engineering Steering Group 17 Feb 2006 Guidance for Spam Control on IETF Mailing Lists NOTE: This IESG Statement is superseded by the IESG Statement "IESG Statement on Spam Control on IETF Mailing Lists" dated 14 April 2008. Internet Engineering Steering Group 9 Jan 2006 IESG Statement on AUTH48 State The IESG has decided that as of now, any IESG-approved drafts that enter the AUTH48 state, where the RFC Editor waits for final text approval from all listed authors, may be released on the responsible AD's authority if any authors have not responded after a reasonable time, typically two weeks. Internet Engineering Steering Group 5 Jan 2006 Syntax for Format Definitions The IESG does not prescribe the use of any single syntax for format definitions. Internet Engineering Steering Group 12 May 2005 IESG Statement on IDN IDNA [IDNA] specifies an encoding of characters in the Unicode character repertoire [UNICODE] which is backwards-compatible with the current definition of hostnames. Internet Engineering Steering Group 11 Feb 2003 Copyright Statement in MIB and PIB Modules NOTE: This IESG Statement is superseded by the IESG Statement "IESG Statement on Copyright" dated 8 September 2009. Internet Engineering Steering Group 27 Nov 2002 Guidance for Spam Control on IETF Mailing Lists NOTE: This IESG Statement is superseded by the IESG Statement "IESG Statement on Spam Control on IETF Mailing Lists" dated 14 April 2008. Internet Engineering Steering Group 13 Mar 2002 On Design Teams Design teams are mentioned in The Working Group Guidelines RFC (RFC 2418) as follows: Internet Engineering Steering Group 21 Dec 2001 Guidelines for the Use of Formal Languages in IETF Specifications This temporary guideline has been prepared by the IESG in response to a specific case; it is intended that it be put into an internet-draft and progressed as an IETF consensus position. Internet Engineering Steering Group 1 Oct 2001 Establishment of Temporary Sub-IP Area NOTE: This statement formed the Sub-IP Area, and this Area has subsequently been closed Internet Engineering Steering Group 21 Mar 2001 Plans to Organize "Sub-IP" Technologies in the IETF Two weeks ago I sent a message informing the community of some plans to improve the organization of some significant work going on in the IETF on "sub-ip" technologies. Internet Engineering Steering Group 6 Dec 2000 A New IETF Work Area Traditionally the IETF has focused its efforts "above the wire and below the application." Internet Engineering Steering Group 20 Nov 2000 Guidance on Interim IETF Working Group Meetings and Conference Calls NOTE: This IESG Statement is superseded by the IESG Statement "Guidance on Interim Meetings, Conference Calls and Jabber Sessions" dated 2 September 2008. Internet Engineering Steering Group 29 Aug 2000 IESG Guidance on the Moderation of IETF Working Group Mailing Lists In some cases, it is necessary and appropriate to moderate IETF mailing lists. 1 Aug 2000 PreviousGuidance on Interim Meetings, Conference Calls and Jabber Sessions NextIESG Statement on Spam Control on IETF Mailing Lists PreviousGuidance on Interim Meetings, Conference Calls and Jabber Sessions NextIESG Statement on Spam Control on IETF Mailing Lists RFC Editor IANA IAB IAOC IRTF IETF Trust Secretariat: AMS ISOC Privacy policy Website feedback