IETF | About


Search Go Search Search News & blog Blog News IESG Statements Contact Search Search Tools Quick links IETF Datatracker Email list archive search IETF 101 London WG chair resources About Mission and principles Who we are Groups Participate in the IETF Support the IETF Topics of interest Automated network management The Internet of Things New transport technology IETF Areas How we work Working groups Email lists Meetings and events Running code Online tools Community discussions Internet standards RFCs Internet-Drafts Intellectual property rights Standards process News & blogs Blog News IESG Statements Contact Search Search Tools Quick links IETF Datatracker Email list archive search IETF 101 London WG chair resources About The Internet Engineering Task Force (IETF) is the premier Internet standards body, developing open standards through open processes. The IETF is a large open international community of network designers, operators, vendors, and researchers concerned with the evolution of the Internet architecture and the smooth operation of the Internet. The technical work of the IETF is done in Working Groups, which are organized by topic into several Areas. Much of the work is handled via mailing lists. The IETF holds meetings three times per year. The IETF working groups are grouped into areas, and managed by Area Directors, or ADs. The ADs are members of the Internet Engineering Steering Group (IESG). Providing architectural oversight is the Internet Architecture Board, (IAB). The IAB also adjudicates appeals when someone complains that the IESG has failed. The IAB and IESG are chartered by the Internet Society (ISOC) for these purposes. The General Area Director also serves as the chair of the IESG and of the IETF, and is an ex-officio member of the IAB. The Internet Assigned Numbers Authority (IANA) is the central coordinator for the assignment of unique parameter values for Internet protocols. More information about the IETF standards process is available here and in RFC2026. New participants in the IETF might find it helpful to read Getting Started in the IETF and The Tao of the IETF, (also available as RFC4677). You can learn more via tutorials or mentoring. Mission and principles The mission of the IETF is to make the Internet work better by producing high quality, relevant technical documents that influence the way people design, use, and manage the Internet. Who we are The Internet Engineering Task Force (IETF) is a large open international community of network designers, operators, vendors, and researchers concerned with the evolution of the Internet architecture and the smooth operation of the Internet. Groups The work of the IETF is undertaken and supported by a wide variety of groups with differing structures, goals, and responsibilities. Participate in the IETF Participation in the IETF is open to individuals willing to contribute technical expertise to help make the Internet work better. IETF Glossary This page provides information about terms commonly used in the IETF. Support the IETF Learn about ways you can support the IETF to help keep the Internet’s technical foundation open supporting permissionless innovation. Note Well The Note Well describes IPR and other policies related to submissions by a Contributor for publication as all or part of an IETF Internet-Draft or RFC and any statement made within the context of an IETF activity. Liaisons The IETF has a limited number of liaison relationships with other organizations. Liaisons are appointed by the Internet Architecture Board (IAB) when the IAB feels that conditions warrant appointing a specific person to such a task. RFC Editor IANA IAB IAOC IRTF IETF Trust Secretariat: AMS ISOC Privacy policy Website feedback