IETF | Process experiments


Search Go Search Search News & blog Blog News IESG Statements Contact Search Search Tools Quick links IETF Datatracker Email list archive search IETF 101 London WG chair resources About Mission and principles Who we are Groups Participate in the IETF Support the IETF Topics of interest Automated network management The Internet of Things New transport technology IETF Areas How we work Working groups Email lists Meetings and events Running code Online tools Community discussions Internet standards RFCs Internet-Drafts Intellectual property rights Standards process News & blogs Blog News IESG Statements Contact Search Search Tools Quick links IETF Datatracker Email list archive search IETF 101 London WG chair resources About Groups Internet Engineering Steering Group Process experiments BCP 93 defines a process for time-limited experimental changes to the IETF standards process. In this section Hide in this section Internet Engineering Steering Group IESG Members IESG Meeting Minutes Appeals Key Info Process experiments, described by RFC 3933, provide an approach to making changes to IETF prices that echoes the "running code" approach to informing that standards setting process. Process experiments adopt a "propose and carry out an experiment, evaluate the experiment, and then establish permanent procedures based on operational experience" model. This page lists experiments under way and links to a separate status page for each one. Experimental Procedure for Long Term Suspensions from Mailing Lists (September 2006) RFC 5111, Experiment in Exploratory Group Formation Bibliography [1] RFC 3933 A Model for IETF Process Experiments The IETF has designed process changes over the last ten years in one of two ways: announcement by the IESG, sometimes based on informal agreements with limited community involvement and awareness, and formal use of the same mechanism used for protocol specification. The first mechanism has often... Dr. John C. Klensin [2] RFC 5111 Experiment in Exploratory Group Formation within the Internet Engineering Task Force (IETF) This document describes an RFC 3933 experiment in the Working Group formation process, known as the Exploratory Group. Exploratory Groups may be created as the first step toward Working Group formation, or as an intermediate step between a Birds of a Feather (BOF) session and Working Group creat... Dr. Bernard D. Aboba Ph.D., Lakshminath R. Dondeti RFC Editor IANA IAB IAOC IRTF IETF Trust Secretariat: AMS ISOC Privacy policy Website feedback