IETF | Designing Privacy into Internet protocols


Search Go Search Search News & blog Blog News IESG Statements Contact Search Search Tools Quick links IETF Datatracker Email list archive search IETF 101 London WG chair resources About Mission and principles Who we are Groups Participate in the IETF Support the IETF Topics of interest Automated network management The Internet of Things New transport technology IETF Areas How we work Working groups Email lists Meetings and events Running code Online tools Community discussions Internet standards RFCs Internet-Drafts Intellectual property rights Standards process News & blogs Blog News IESG Statements Contact Search Search Tools Quick links IETF Datatracker Email list archive search IETF 101 London WG chair resources About Participate in the IETF Tutorials Process oriented tutorials Designing Privacy into Internet Protocols This tutorial provides a brief overview of the privacy threats that engineers may encounter during their protocol work. In this section Hide in this section Process oriented tutorials Designing Privacy into Internet Protocols Creating Internet Drafts and RFCs Document editing and shepherding IETF tools training Presentation skills Working Group leadership training Writing RFCs and Internet-Drafts in markdown and a bit of YAML Tools for creating Internet Drafts and RFCs Key Info Privacy, as with security, has received increasing attention over the last few years as the number of security incidents and privacy violations increased. While security guidance has been offered in RFC 3552 and has been part of the IETF Newcomer's Training for many years, privacy related guidance has only been available recently with the publication of RFC 6973. A core part of RFC 6973 is offering a set of questions an engineer should ask himself or herself when designing new protocols or protocol extensions to take common privacy concerns into account. Slides Designing Privacy into Internet Protocols from IETF 89 Bibliography [1] RFC 3552 Guidelines for Writing RFC Text on Security Considerations All RFCs are required to have a Security Considerations section. Historically, such sections have been relatively weak. This document provides guidelines to RFC authors on how to write a good Security Considerations section. This document specifies an Internet Best Current Practices for the In... Brian Korver [2] RFC 6973 Privacy Considerations for Internet Protocols This document offers guidance for developing privacy considerations for inclusion in protocol specifications. It aims to make designers, implementers, and users of Internet protocols aware of privacy-related design choices. It suggests that whether any individual RFC warrants a specific privacy... Dr. Bernard D. Aboba Ph.D., Hannes Tschofenig, John B. Morris, Jon Peterson, Marit Hansen, Rhys Smith RFC Editor IANA IAB IAOC IRTF IETF Trust Secretariat: AMS ISOC Privacy policy Website feedback