IETF | Groups


Search Go Search Search News & blog Blog News IESG Statements Contact Search Search Tools Quick links IETF Datatracker Email list archive search IETF 101 London WG chair resources About Mission and principles Who we are Groups Participate in the IETF Support the IETF Topics of interest Automated network management The Internet of Things New transport technology IETF Areas How we work Working groups Email lists Meetings and events Running code Online tools Community discussions Internet standards RFCs Internet-Drafts Intellectual property rights Standards process News & blogs Blog News IESG Statements Contact Search Search Tools Quick links IETF Datatracker Email list archive search IETF 101 London WG chair resources About Groups The work of the IETF is undertaken and supported by a wide variety of groups with differing structures, goals, and responsibilities. While the technical work in the IETF is primarily undertaken in working groups as part of the IETF standards development process, other groups, including those described below, provide support for and help organize this work. These groups provide administrative oversight for the IETF, help select individuals to serve in leadership roles, and develop the tools and services used as part of the IETF standards process. Internet Engineering Steering Group The Internet Engineering Steering Group (IESG) is responsible for technical management of IETF activities and the Internet standards process. Internet Architecture Board The Internet Architecture Board provides long-range technical direction for Internet standards, ensuring the Internet continues to grow and evolve as a platform for global communication and innovation. Internet Research Task Force The Internet Research Task Force (IRTF) promotes research of importance to the evolution of the Internet by creating focused, long-term Research Groups working on topics related to Internet protocols, applications, architecture and technology. IETF Administration and Operations Committee The IETF Administrative Oversight Committee (IAOC) is responsible for the fiscal and administrative support of the IETF standards process. IETF Trust The IETF Trust was created to acquire, hold, and maintain intellectual property and other property used in connection with Internet standards. Nominations Committee The Nominating Committee or, as it is typically known, the NomCom, exists to review open IESG, IAB and IAOC positions and to nominate a candidate for each. Tools Team The IETF Tools Team is a group of volunteers from the IETF community that develops tools to support the work of the IETF itself. Directorates IETF Directorates, comprised of experienced IETF participants, often serve as advisory groups for IETF work. RFC Editor IANA IAB IAOC IRTF IETF Trust Secretariat: AMS ISOC Privacy policy Website feedback